Summarizer Used: TextRankSummarizer

***** Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets *****

Chapter Number: 1
Chapter Number: The Worst Birthday
Chapter Summary: 
“All right,” said Harry, “all right…”  Uncle Vernon sat back down, breathing like a winded rhinoceros and watching Harry closely out of the corners of his small, sharp eyes.
Ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays, Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment, because Harry Potter wasn’t a normal boy.
Harry’s parents had died in Voldemort’s attack, but Harry had escaped with his lightning scar, and somehow—nobody understood why Voldemort’s powers had been destroyed the instant he had failed to kill Harry.
Harry had slipped through Voldemort’s clutches for a second time, but it had been a narrow escape, and even now, weeks later, Harry kept waking in the night, drenched in cold sweat, wondering where Voldemort was now, remembering his livid face, his wide, mad eyes—  Harry suddenly sat bolt upright on the garden bench.
Harry knew he shouldn’t have risen to Dudley’s bait, but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been thinking himself… maybe he didn’t have any friends at Hogwarts…  Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now, he thought savagely as he spread manure on the flower beds, his back aching, sweat running down his face.

Chapter Number: 2
Chapter Number: Dobby's Warning
Chapter Summary: 
“Dobby almost spoke ill of his family, sir…”  “Your family?”  “The wizard family Dobby serves, sir… Dobby’s is a house-elf—bound to serve one house and one family forever…”  “Do they know you’re here?” asked Harry curiously.
If the Dursleys hear anything, if they know you’re here—”  “Harry Potter asks if he can help Dobby… Dobby has heard of your greatness, sir, but of your goodness, Dobby never knew…”  Harry, who was feeling distinctly hot in the face, said, “Whatever you’ve heard about my greatness is a load of rubbish.
“Dobby heard tell,” he said hoarsely, “that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time just weeks ago… that Harry Potter escaped yet again.”  Harry nodded and Dobby’s eyes suddenly shone with tears.
But Dobby has come to protect Harry Potter, to warn him, even if he does have to shut his ears in the oven door later… Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts.”  There was a silence broken only by the chink of knives and forks from downstairs and the distant rumble of Uncle Vernon’s voice.
“Harry Potter mustn’t be angry… Dobby hoped… if Harry Potter thought his friends had forgotten him… Harry Potter might not want to go back to school, sir…”  Harry wasn’t listening.

Chapter Number: 3
Chapter Number: The Burrow
Chapter Summary: 
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron, Fred reversed as close as possible to Harry’s window.
Fred climbed back into the car to pull with Ron, and Harry and George pushed from the bedroom side.
HE’S GETTING AWAY!”  But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harry’s leg slid out of Uncle Vernon’s grasp—Harry was in the car—he’d slammed the door shut—  “Put your foot down, Fred!” yelled Ron, and the car shot suddenly towards the moon.
Then, Ron, you come bounding downstairs going, ‘Mum, look who turned up in the night!’ and she’ll be all pleased to see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car.”  “Right,” said Ron.
Very pleased to meet you, Ron’s told us so much about—”  “Your sons flew that car to Harry’s house and back last night!” shouted Mrs. Weasley.

Chapter Number: 4
Chapter Number: At Flourish and Blotts
Chapter Summary: 
SECOND YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE:  The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 by Miranda Goshawk  Break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Lockhart  Gadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy Lockhart  Holidays with Hags by Gilderoy Lockhart  Travels with Trolls by Gilderoy Lockhart  Voyages with Vampires by Gilderoy Lockhart  Wanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy Lockhart  Year with the Yeti by Gilderoy Lockhart  Fred, who had finished his own list, peered over at Harry’s.
I wrote to her saying we were going to try and rescue you from the Dursleys.”  He carried Errol to a perch just inside the back door and tried to stand him on it, but Errol flopped straight off again so Ron lay him on the draining board instead, muttering, “Pathetic.” Then he ripped open Hermione’s letter and read it out loud:  Dear Ron, and Harry if you’re there,  I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you didn’t do anything illegal to get him out, Ron, because that would get Harry into trouble, too.
Nose still stinging where it had hit the hearth, Harry made his way swiftly and silently toward the door, but before he’d got halfway toward it, two people appeared on the other side of the glass—and one of them was the very last person Harry wanted to meet when he was lost, covered in soot, and wearing broken glasses: Draco Malfoy.
Hello, Hagrid—Oh, it’s wonderful to see you two again—Are you coming into Gringotts, Harry?”  “As soon as I’ve found the Weasleys,” said Harry.
Harry and Hermione looked around; sprinting up the crowded street were Ron, Fred, George, Percy, and Mr. Weasley.

Chapter Number: 5
Chapter Number: The Whomping Willow
Chapter Summary: 
When at last they were all in the car, Mrs. Weasley glanced into the back seat, where Harry, Ron, Fred, George, and Percy were all sitting comfortably side by side, and said, “Muggles do know more than we give them credit for, don’t they?” She and Ginny got into the front seat, which had been stretched so that it resembled a park bench.
Both trolleys hit the barrier and bounced backward; Ron’s trunk fell off with a loud thump, Harry was knocked off his feet, and Hedwig’s cage bounced onto the shiny floor, and she rolled away, shrieking indignantly; people all around them stared and a guard nearby yelled, “What in blazes d’you think you’re doing?”  “Lost control of the trolley,” Harry gasped, clutching his ribs as he got up.
“Not far,” said Ron, more to the car than to Harry, “not far now,” and he patted the dashboard nervously.
“Aaargh!” said Ron as another twisted limb punched a large dent into his door; the windshield was now trembling under a hail of blows from knuckle like twigs and a branch as thick as a battering ram was pounding furiously on the roof, which seemed to be caving in—  “Run for it!” Ron shouted, throwing his full weight against his door, but next second he had been knocked backward into Harry’s lap by a vicious uppercut from another branch.
Flying a car right into the Whomping Willow, people’ll be talking about that one for years—”  “Good for you,” said a fifth year Harry had never spoken to; someone was patting him on the back as though he’d just won a marathon; Fred and George pushed their way to the front of the crowd and said together, “Why couldn’t we’ve come in the car, eh?” Ron was scarlet in the face, grinning embarrassedly, but Harry could see one person who didn’t look happy at all.

Chapter Number: 6
Chapter Number: Gilderoy Lockhart
Chapter Summary: 
“Harry, Harry, Harry.”  Completely nonplussed, Harry said nothing.
You got onto the front page of the paper with me and you couldn’t wait to do it again.”  “Oh, no, Professor, see—”  “Harry, Harry, Harry,” said Lockhart, reaching out and grasping his shoulder.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione were joined at their tray by a curly haired Hufflepuff boy Harry knew by sight but had never spoken to.
“Know who you are, of course, the famous Harry Potter… And you’re Hermione Granger—always top in everything…”  Hermione beamed as she had her hand shaken too  “and Ron Weasley.
In the relative calm that followed, Lockhart straightened up, caught sight of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, who were almost at the door, and said, “Well, I’ll ask you three to just nip the rest of them back into their cage.” He swept past them and shut the door quickly behind him.

Chapter Number: 7
Chapter Number: Mudbloods and Murmurs
Chapter Summary: 
Nothing seemed to give Colin a bigger thrill than to say, “All right, Harry?” six or seven times a day and hear, “Hello, Colin,” back, however exasperated Harry sounded when he said it.
That’s it, really.”  But Colin didn’t stop questioning Harry all the way down the sloping lawns to the Quidditch field, and Harry only shook him off when he reached the changing rooms; Colin called after him in a piping voice, “I’ll go and get a good seat, Harry!” and hurried off to the stands.
“Can you hold him still, Harry?”  “Get out of the way, Colin!” said Harry angrily.
Hagrid didn’t seem perturbed by Ron’s slug problem, which Harry hastily explained as he lowered Ron into a chair.
Harry let Lockhart’s voice wash over him, occasionally saying, “Mmm” and “Right” and “Yeah.” Now and then he caught a phrase like, “Fame’s a fickle friend, Harry,” or “Celebrity is as celebrity does, remember that.”  The candles burned lower and lower, making the light dance over the many moving faces of Lockhart watching him.

Chapter Number: 8
Chapter Number: The Deathday Party
Chapter Summary: 
Nearly Headless Nick, the ghost of Gryffindor Tower, was staring morosely out of a window, muttering under his breath, “…don’t fulfill their requirements… half an inch, if that…”  “Hello, Nick,” said Harry.
“We’ll have Peeves out this time, my sweet—”  His eyes fell on Harry and then darted to the Kwikspell envelope, which, Harry realized too late, was lying two feet away from where it had started.
Nearly Headless Nick, Harry noticed, was still holding Sir Patrick’s rejection letter…  “I wish there was something I could do for you about the Headless Hunt,” Harry said.
“Harry, what’re you—?”  “It’s that voice again—shut up a minute—”  “…soo hungry… for so long…”  “Listen!” said Harry urgently, and Ron and Hermione froze, watching him.
“Harry, what’re we—”  “SHH!”  Harry strained his ears.

Chapter Number: 9
Chapter Number: The Writing on the Wall
Chapter Summary: 
“Why go up to that corridor?”  Ron and Hermione looked at Harry.
“You may go,” Dumbledore said to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
“Hearing voices no one else can hear isn’t a good sign, even in the wizarding world.”  Something in Ron’s voice made Harry ask, “You do believe me, don’t you?”  “’Course I do,” said Ron quickly.
Harry had never told Ron and Hermione that the Sorting Hat had seriously considered putting him in Slytherin.
Harry and Ron stood with their mouths open, but Hermione shrugged wearily and said, “Honestly, that was almost cheerful for Myrtle… Come on, let’s go.”  Harry had barely closed the door on Myrtle’s gurgling sobs when a loud voice made all three of them jump.

Chapter Number: 10
Chapter Number: The Rogue Bludger
Chapter Summary: 
“Malfoy could have attacked half the Muggleborns in the school by then!” But Hermione’s eyes narrowed dangerously again, and he added swiftly, “But it’s the best plan we’ve got, so full steam ahead, I say.”  However, while Hermione was checking that the coast was clear for them to leave the bathroom, Ron muttered to Harry, “It’ll be a lot less hassle if you can just knock Malfoy off his broom tomorrow.”  Harry woke early on Saturday morning and lay for a while thinking about the coming Quidditch match.
Why didn’t Harry Potter go back home when he missed the train?” Harry heaved himself up on his pillows and pushed Dobby’s sponge away.
“Dobby hid and watched for Harry Potter and sealed the gateway and Dobby had to iron his hands afterward”—he showed Harry ten long, bandaged fingers—”but Dobby didn’t care, sir, for he thought Harry Potter was safe, and never did Dobby dream that Harry Potter would get to school another way!”  He was rocking backward and forward, shaking his ugly head.
Harry Potter survived, and the Dark Lord’s power was broken, and it was a new dawn, sir, and Harry Potter shone like a beacon of hope for those of us who thought the Dark days would never end, sir… And now, at Hogwarts, terrible things are to happen, are perhaps happening already, and Dobby cannot let Harry Potter stay here now that history is to repeat itself, now that the Chamber of Secrets is open once more—”  Dobby froze, horror struck, then grabbed Harry’s water jug from his bedside table and cracked it over his own head, toppling out of sight.
Harry Potter must not meddle in this, sir, ’tis too dangerous—”  “Who is it, Dobby?” Harry said, keeping a firm hold on Dobby’s wrist to stop him from hitting himself with the water jug again.

Chapter Number: 11
Chapter Number: The Duelling Club
Chapter Summary: 
Draco Malfoy, who was Snape’s favorite student, kept flicking puffer fish eyes at Ron and Harry, who knew that if they retaliated they would get detention faster than you could say “Unfair.”  Harry’s Swelling Solution was far too runny, but he had his mind on more important things.
Lockhart teamed Neville with Justin Finch-Fletchley, but Snape reached Harry and Ron first.
“When I count to three, cast your charms to disarm your opponents—only to disarm them—we don’t want any accidents—one… two… three—”  Harry swung his wand high, but Malfoy had already started on “two”: His spell hit Harry so hard he felt as though he’d been hit over the head with a saucepan.
Harry hung back, with a vague feeling it would be unsporting to bewitch Malfoy while he was on the floor, but this was a mistake; gasping for breath, Malfoy pointed his wand at Harry’s knees, choked, “Tarantallegra!” and the next second Harry’s legs began to jerk around out of his control in a kind of quickstep.
Snape, too, was looking at Harry in an unexpected way: It was a shrewd and calculating look, and Harry didn’t like it.

Chapter Number: 12
Chapter Number: The Polyjuice Potion
Chapter Summary: 
And she’s gone home for Christmas—so I’ll just have to tell the Slytherins I’ve decided to come back.”  When Hermione had bustled off to check on the Polyjuice Potion again, Ron turned to Harry with a doom-laden expression.
I only hope we can find someone to follow…”  Ron, who had been gazing at Harry, said, “You don’t know how bizarre it is to see Goyle thinking.” He banged on Hermione’s door.
“What’s the matter with you two?”  Far too late, Harry and Ron forced themselves to laugh, but Malfoy seemed satisfied; perhaps Crabbe and Goyle were always slow on the uptake.
And people think he’s Slytherin’s heir!”  Harry and Ron waited with bated breath: Malfoy was surely seconds away from telling them it was him—but then “I wish I knew who it is,” said Malfoy petulantly.
Feeling that it would be a bit of a giveaway if Ron punched Malfoy, Harry shot him a warning look and said, “D’you know if the person who opened the Chamber last time was caught?”  “Oh, yeah… whoever it was expelled,” said Malfoy.

Chapter Number: 13
Chapter Number: The Very Secret Diary
Chapter Summary: 
“Riddle just got a diary for Christmas and couldn’t be bothered filling it in.”  Harry couldn’t explain, even to himself, why he didn’t just throw Riddle’s diary away.
And while Harry was sure he had never heard the name T. M. Riddle before, it still seemed to mean something to him, almost as though Riddle was a friend he’d had when he was very small, and had half forgotten.
Nevertheless, Harry was determined to find out more about Riddle, so next day at break, he headed for the trophy room to examine Riddle’s special award, accompanied by an interested Hermione and a thoroughly unconvinced Ron, who told them he’d seen enough of the trophy room to last him a lifetime.
But to Harry’s disappointment, Riddle led him not into a hidden passageway or a secret tunnel but to the very dungeon in which Harry had Potions with Snape.
Riddle scrambled to his feet, looking after it; he raised his wand, but the huge boy leapt on him, seized his wand, and threw him back down, yelling, “NOOOOOOO!”  The scene whirled, the darkness became complete; Harry felt himself falling and, with a crash, he landed spread eagled on his four-poster in the Gryffindor dormitory, Riddle’s diary lying open on his stomach.

Chapter Number: 14
Chapter Number: Cornelius Fudge
Chapter Summary: 
CORNELIUS FUDGE  Harry, Ron, and Hermione had always known that Hagrid had an unfortunate liking for large and monstrous creatures.
“I don’t blame him for wanting to stay here…”  “You met Hagrid down Knockturn Alley, didn’t you, Harry?”  “He was buying a Flesh Eating Slug Repellent,” said Harry quickly.
Harry and Ron followed Professor McGonagall back into the school and up the marble staircase.
“I can’t believe it’s him this time, but if he set the monster loose last time he’ll know how to get inside the Chamber of Secrets, and that’s a start.”  “But McGonagall said we’ve got to stay in our tower unless we’re in class—”  “I think,” said Harry, more quietly still, “it’s time to get my dad’s old cloak out again.”  Harry had inherited just one thing from his father: a long and silvery Invisibility Cloak.
“Are you okay, Hagrid?” said Harry.

Chapter Number: 15
Chapter Number: Aragog
Chapter Summary: 
Harry didn’t realize what he was so pleased about until the Potions lesson about two weeks after Dumbledore and Hagrid had left, when, sitting right behind Malfoy, Harry overheard him gloating to Crabbe and Goyle.
“Harry, it’s our car!”  “What?”  “Come on!”  Harry blundered after Ron toward the light, stumbling and tripping, and a moment later they had emerged into a clearing.
Harry could hear Fang fighting to free himself from a third monster, whining loudly, but Harry couldn’t have yelled even if he had wanted to; he seemed to have left his voice back with the car in the clearing.
“Get Fang!” Harry yelled, diving into the front seat; Ron seized the boarhound around the middle and threw him, yelping, into the back of the car—the doors slammed shut—Ron didn’t touch the accelerator but the car didn’t need him; the engine roared and they were off, hitting more spiders.
“Ron,” he hissed through the dark, “Ron—”  Ron woke with a yelp like Fang’s, stared wildly around, and saw Harry.

Chapter Number: 16
Chapter Number: The Chamber of Secrets
Chapter Summary: 
“We haven’t seen her for ages, Professor,” Harry went on hurriedly, treading on Ron’s foot, “and we thought we’d sneak into the hospital wing, you know, and tell her the Mandrakes are nearly ready and, er, not to worry—”  Professor McGonagall was still staring at him, and for a moment, Harry thought she was going to explode, but when she spoke, it was in a strangely croaky voice.
“Harry,” said Ron.
“Harry, Harry,” said Lockhart, shaking his head impatiently, “it’s not nearly as simple as that.
Lockhart had barely raised his, when Harry bellowed, “Expelliarmus!”  Lockhart was blasted backward, falling over his trunk; his wand flew high into the air; Ron caught it, and flung it out of the open window.
“Harry,” said Ron.

Chapter Number: 17
Chapter Number: The Heir of Slytherin
Chapter Summary: 
Little Ginny’s been writing in it for months and months, telling me all her pitiful worries and woes—how her brothers tease her, how she had to come to school with secondhand robes and books, how”—Riddle’s eyes glinted—“how she didn’t think famous, good, great Harry Potter would ever like her…”  All the time he spoke, Riddle’s eyes never left Harry’s face.
“Voldemort was after your time…”  “Voldemort,” said Riddle softly, “is my past, present, and future, Harry Potter…”  He pulled Harry’s wand from his pocket and began to trace it through the air, writing three shimmering words:  TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE  Then he waved the wand once, and the letters of his name rearranged themselves:  I AM LORD VOLDEMORT  “You see?” he whispered.
Riddle opened his mouth wide and hissed—but Harry understood what he was saying…  “Speak to me, Slytherin, greatest of the Hogwarts Four.”  Harry wheeled around to look up at the statue, Fawkes swaying on his shoulder.
The snake’s tail thrashed, narrowly missing Harry, and before Harry could shut his eyes, it turned—Harry looked straight into its face and saw that its eyes, both its great, bulbous yellow eyes, had been punctured by the phoenix; blood was streaming to the floor, and the snake was spitting in agony.
“You hold Ginny’s other hand—”  Harry tucked the sword and the Sorting Hat into his belt, Ron took hold of the back of Harry’s robes, and Harry reached out and took hold of Fawkes’s strangely hot tail feathers.

Chapter Number: 18
Chapter Number: Dobby's Reward
Chapter Summary: 
Fawkes went whooshing past Harry’s ear and settled on Dumbledore’s shoulder, just as Harry found himself and Ron being swept into Mrs. Weasleys tight embrace.
For nearly a quarter of an hour he spoke into the rapt silence: He told them about hearing the disembodied voice, how Hermione had finally realized that he was hearing a basilisk in the pipes; how he and Ron had followed the spiders into the forest, that Aragog had told them where the last victim of the basilisk had died; how he had guessed that Moaning Myrtle had been the victim, and that the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets might be in her bathroom…  “Very well,” Professor McGonagall prompted him as he paused, “so you found out where the entrance was—breaking a hundred school rules into pieces along the way, I might add—but how on earth did you all get out of there alive, Potter?”  So Harry, his voice now growing hoarse from all this talking, told them about Fawkes’s timely arrival and about the Sorting Hat giving him the sword.
“If you want proof, Harry, that you belong in Gryffindor, I suggest you look more closely at this.”  Dumbledore reached across to Professor McGonagall’s desk, picked up the blood stained silver sword, and handed it to Harry.
“I’ve just got one question, Dobby,” said Harry as Dobby pulled on Harry’s sock with shaking hands.
You solved it!” or Justin hurrying over from the Hufflepuff table to wring his hand and apologize endlessly for suspecting him, or Hagrid turning up at half past three, cuffing Harry and Ron so hard on the shoulders that they were knocked into their plates of trifle, or his and Ron’s four hundred points for Gryffindor securing the House Cup for the second year running, or Professor McGonagall standing up to tell them all that the exams had been canceled as a school treat  “Oh, no!” said Hermione , or Dumbledore announcing that, unfortunately, Professor Lockhart would be unable to return next year, owing to the fact that he needed to go away and get his memory back.


***** Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows *****

Chapter Number: 1
Chapter Number: The Dark Lord Ascending
Chapter Summary: 
“So?”    “My Lord, the Order of the Phoenix intends to move Harry Potter from his current place of safety on Saturday next, at nightfall.”    The interest around the table sharpened palpably: Some stiffened, others fidgeted, all gazing at Snape and Voldemort.
Snape, however, looked calmly back into Voldemort’s face and, after a moment or two, Voldemort’s lipless mouth curved into something like a smile.
“My Lord, I have heard differently.”    Yaxley waited, but Voldemort did not speak, so he went on, “Dawlish, the Auror, let slip that Potter will not be moved until the thirtieth, the night before the boy turns seventeen.”    Snape was smiling.
“My Lord,” Yaxley went on, “Dawlish believes an entire party of Aurors will be used to transfer the boy —”    Voldemort held up a large white hand, and Yaxley subsided at once, watching resentfully as Voldemort turned back to Snape.
I think that there is little chance of taking him once he is there, my Lord, unless, of course, the Ministry has fallen before next Saturday, which might give us the opportunity to discover and undo enough of the enchantments to break through the rest.”    “Well, Yaxley?” Voldemort called down the table, the firelight glinting strangely in his red eyes.

Chapter Number: 2
Chapter Number: In Memoriam
Chapter Summary: 
ALBUS DUMBLEDORE REMEMBERED    by Elphias Doge         I met Albus Dumbledore at the age of eleven, on our first day at Hogwarts.
and it seemed to Harry now, despite the fact that his future was so dangerous and so uncertain, that he had missed irreplaceable opportunities when he had failed to ask Dumbledore more about himself, even though the only personal question he had ever asked his headmaster was also the only one he suspected that Dumbledore had not answered honestly:    “What do you see when you look in the mirror?”    “I?
I knew that the Wizarding world was clamoring for the full story and I wanted to be the first to meet that need.”    I mention the recent, widely publicized remarks of Elphias Doge, Special Advisor to the Wizengamot and longstanding friend of Albus Dumbledore’s, that “Skeeter’s book contains less fact than a Chocolate Frog card.”    Skeeter throws back her head and laughs.
But old Dodgy Doge can get off his high hippogriff, because I’ve had access to a source most journalists would swap their wands for, one who has never spoken in public before and who was close to Dumbledore during the most turbulent and disturbing phase of his youth.”    The advance publicity for Skeeter’s biography has certainly suggested that there will be shocks in store for those who believe Dumbledore to have led a blameless life.
Yes, Albus Dumbledore had an extremely murky past, not to mention that very fishy family, which he worked so hard to keep hushed up.”    I ask whether Skeeter is referring to Dumbledore’s brother, Aberforth, whose conviction by the Wizengamot for misuse of magic caused a minor scandal fifteen years ago.

Chapter Number: 3
Chapter Number: The Dursleys Departing
Chapter Summary: 
This isn’t a claim, it’s fact, Dumbledore told you last year, and Kingsley and Mr. Weasley —”    Vernon Dursley hunched his shoulders angrily, and Harry guessed that his uncle was attempting to ward off recollections of the unannounced visit, a few days into Harry’s summer holidays, of two fully grown wizards.
Aunt Petunia was looking at Uncle Vernon; Dudley was staring at Harry.
“There’s no need,” Harry muttered, but Uncle Vernon made any further explanation unnecessary by saying loudly,    “Well, this is good-bye, then, boy.”    He swung his right arm upward to shake Harry’s hand, but at the last moment seemed unable to face it, and merely closed his fist and began swinging it backward and forward like a metronome.
“Well, he — he doesn’t want to,” said Uncle Vernon, turning to glare at Harry and adding, “You don’t want to, do you?”    “Not in the slightest,” said Harry.
“He only said he didn’t think Harry was a waste of space!”    “Yeah, but coming from Dudley that’s like ‘I love you,’” said Harry, torn between annoyance and a desire to laugh as Aunt Petunia continued to clutch at Dudley as if he had just saved Harry from a burning building.

Chapter Number: 4
Chapter Number: The Seven Potters
Chapter Summary: 
“Let’s get undercover before we talk you through it.”    Harry led them all back into the kitchen where, laughing and chattering, they settled on chairs, sat themselves upon Aunt Petunia’s gleaming work surfaces, or leaned up against her spotless appliances: Ron, long and lanky; Hermione, her bushy hair tied back in a long plait; Fred and George, grinning identically; Bill, badly scarred and long-haired; Mr. Weasley, kind-faced, balding, his spectacles a little awry; Mad-Eye, battle-worn, one-legged, his bright blue magical eye whizzing in its socket; Tonks, whose short hair was her favorite shade of bright pink; Lupin, grayer, more lined; Fleur, slender and beautiful, with her long silvery blonde hair; Kingsley, bald, black, broad-shouldered; Hagrid, with his wild hair and beard, standing hunchbacked to avoid hitting his head on the ceiling; and Mundungus Fletcher, small, dirty, and hangdog, with his droopy basset hound’s eyes and matted hair.
Harry responded with further Stunning Spells: Red and green collided in midair in a shower of multicolored sparks, and Harry thought wildly of fireworks, and the Muggles below who would have no idea what was happening —    “Here we go again, Harry, hold on!” yelled Hagrid, and he jabbed at a second button.
“I’m comin’, Harry!” Hagrid yelled from out of the darkness, but Harry could feel the sidecar beginning to sink again: Crouching as low as he could, he pointed at the middle of the oncoming figures and yelled, “Impedimenta!”    The jinx hit the middle Death Eater in the chest: For a moment the man was absurdly spread-eagled in midair as though he had hit an invisible barrier: One of his fellows almost collided with him —    Then the sidecar began to fall in earnest, and the remaining Death Eater shot a curse so close to Harry that he had to duck below the rim of the car, knocking out a tooth on the edge of his seat —    “I’m comin’, Harry, I’m comin’!”    A huge hand seized the back of Harry’s robes and hoisted him out of the plummeting sidecar; Harry pulled his rucksack with him as he dragged himself onto the motorbike’s seat and found himself back-to-back with Hagrid.
“Hagrid, do the dragon-fire thing again, let’s get out of here!”    “Hold on tight, then, Harry!”    There was a deafening, screeching roar again and the white-blue fire shot from the exhaust: Harry felt himself slipping backward off what little of the seat he had, Hagrid flung backward upon him, barely maintaining his grip on the handlebars —    “I think we’ve lost ’em Harry, I think we’ve done it!” yelled Hagrid.
A hooded figure on a broomstick was feet from him, he saw it raise its arm —    “NO!”    With a shout of fury Hagrid launched himself off the bike at the Death Eater; to his horror, Harry saw both Hagrid and the Death Eater falling out of sight, their combined weight too much for the broomstick —    Barely gripping the plummeting bike with his knees, Harry heard Voldemort scream, “Mine!”    It was over: He could not see or hear where Voldemort was; he glimpsed another Death Eater swooping out of the way and heard, “Avada —”    As the pain from Harry’s scar forced his eyes shut, his wand acted of its own accord.

Chapter Number: 5
Chapter Number: Fallen Warrior
Chapter Summary: 
No sooner had Mrs. Weasley bent over her son than Lupin grabbed Harry by the upper arm and dragged him, none too gently, back into the kitchen, where Hagrid was still attempting to ease his bulk through the back door.
How did you escape?”    Harry explained briefly how the Death Eaters pursuing them had seemed to recognize him as the true Harry, how they had abandoned the chase, how they must have summoned Voldemort, who had appeared just before he and Hagrid had reached the sanctuary of Tonks’s parents.
Expelliarmus is a useful spell, Harry, but the Death Eaters seem to think it is your signature move, and I urge you not to let it become so!”    Lupin was making Harry feel idiotic, and yet there was still a grain of defiance inside him.
“Hi, Harry — you are Harry, right?”    “Yeah, I am,” said Harry, moving closer to the sofa.
Harry glanced at Hagrid, who had just risked his own life to save Harry’s — Hagrid, whom he loved, whom he trusted, who had once been tricked into giving Voldemort crucial information in exchange for a dragon’s egg.

Chapter Number: 6
Chapter Number: The Ghoul in Pyjamas
Chapter Summary: 
From that moment on, Mrs. Weasley kept Harry, Ron, and Hermione so busy with preparations for the wedding that they hardly had any time to think.
Ron, show Harry what you’ve done.”    “Nah, he’s just eaten,” said Ron.
“Whichever,” said Ron, “it’d be one less for us to do!”    “Yes, but we’re still going to have to try and trace the real locket, aren’t we?” said Hermione, “to find out whether or not it’s destroyed.”    “And once we get hold of it, how do you destroy a Horcrux?” asked Ron.
It warns in this book how unstable you make the rest of your soul by ripping it, and that’s just by making one Horcrux!”    Harry remembered what Dumbledore had said about Voldemort moving beyond “usual evil.”    “Isn’t there any way of putting yourself back together?” Ron asked.
You’ve got to put it beyond magical repair.”    “But even if we wreck the thing it lives in,” said Ron, “why can’t the bit of soul in it just go and live in something else?”    “Because a Horcrux is the complete opposite of a human being.”    Seeing that Harry and Ron looked thoroughly confused, Hermione hurried on, “Look, if I picked up a sword right now, Ron, and ran you through with it, I wouldn’t damage your soul at all.”    “Which would be a real comfort to me, I’m sure,” said Ron.

Chapter Number: 7
Chapter Number: The Will of Albus Dumbledore
Chapter Summary: 
If you two” — he pointed at Harry and Hermione — “can wait upstairs, I will start with Ronald.”    “We’re not going anywhere,” said Harry, while Hermione nodded vigorously.
“I am here, as I’m sure you know, because of Albus Dumbledore’s will.”    Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another.
.”    Ron looked around at Harry and Hermione, to see Hermione giving him a stop-talking-now!
“‘To Harry James Potter,’” he read, and Harry’s insides contracted with a sudden excitement, “‘I leave the Snitch he caught in his first Quidditch match at Hogwarts, as a reminder of the rewards of perseverance and skill.’”    As Scrimgeour pulled out the tiny, walnut-sized golden ball, its silver wings fluttered rather feebly, and Harry could not help feeling a definite sense of anticlimax.
Scrimgeour took a couple of steps back from Harry, glancing at the hole he had made in Harry’s T-shirt.

Chapter Number: 8
Chapter Number: The Wedding
Chapter Summary: 
“Ron can laugh,” said Luna serenely as Harry led her and Xenophilius toward their seats, “but my father has done a lot of research on Gernumbli magic.”    “Really?” said Harry, who had long since decided not to challenge Luna or her father’s peculiar views.
Well, well, find me a good seat, Ronald, I am a hundred and seven and I ought not to be on my feet too long.”    Ron gave Harry a meaningful look as he passed and did not reappear for some time: When next they met at the entrance, Harry had shown a dozen more people to their places.
“Time to sit down,” Fred told Harry, “or we’re going to get run over by the bride.”    Harry, Ron, and Hermione took their seats in the second row behind Fred and George.
“Gregorovitch!” said Harry loudly, and Krum started, but Harry was too excited to care; the memory had come back to him at the sight of Krum’s wand: Ollivander taking it and examining it carefully before the Triwizard Tournament.
Perhaps Doge suspected Harry’s feelings, for he looked concerned and hurried on, “Harry, Rita Skeeter is a dreadful —”    But he was interrupted by a shrill cackle.

Chapter Number: 9
Chapter Number: A Place to Hide
Chapter Summary: 
Ron!” Hermione called, half sobbing as she and Harry were buffeted by terrified guests: Harry seized her hand to make sure they weren’t separated as a streak of light whizzed over their heads, whether a protective charm or something more sinister he did not know —    And then Ron was there.
He caught hold of Hermione’s free arm, and Harry felt her turn on the spot; sight and sound were extinguished as darkness pressed in upon him; all he could feel was Hermione’s hand as he was squeezed through space and time, away from the Burrow, away from the descending Death Eaters, away, perhaps, from Voldemort himself.
His companion, unable to see who had cast the spell, fired another at Ron: Shining black ropes flew from his wand-tip and bound Ron head to foot — the waitress screamed and ran for the door — Harry sent another Stunning Spell at the Death Eater with the twisted face who had tied up Ron, but the spell missed, rebounded on the window, and hit the waitress, who collapsed in front of the door.
“It’s no wonder I can’t get it out, Hermione, you packed my old jeans, they’re tight.”    “Oh, I’m so sorry,” hissed Hermione, and as she dragged the waitress out of sight of the windows, Harry heard her mutter a suggestion as to where Ron could stick his wand instead.
Then, on Harry’s count of three, they reversed the spells upon their three victims, and before the waitress or either of the Death Eaters could do more than stir sleepily, Harry, Ron, and Hermione had turned on the spot and vanished into the compressing darkness once more.

Chapter Number: 10
Chapter Number: Kreacher's Tale
Chapter Summary: 
There were many pictures of Muggle motorcycles, and also  Harry had to admire Sirius’s nerve  several posters of bikini-clad Muggle girls; Harry could tell that they were Muggles because they remained quite stationary within their pictures, faded smiles and glazed eyes frozen on the paper.
When he had finished, Hermione said, “Of course, I can see why that’s upset you, Harry —”    “I’m not upset,” he lied, “I’d just like to know whether or not it’s true or —”    “Harry, do you really think you’ll get the truth from a malicious old woman like Muriel, or from Rita Skeeter?
“It’s not over yet,” said Harry, and he raised his voice and called, “Kreacher!”    There was a loud crack and the house-elf that Harry had so reluctantly inherited from Sirius appeared out of nowhere in front of the cold and empty fireplace: tiny, half human-sized, his pale skin hanging off him in folds, white hair sprouting copiously from his batlike ears.
“ — and the locket, Master Regulus’s locket, Kreacher did wrong, Kreacher failed in his orders!”    Harry reacted instinctively: As Kreacher lunged for the poker standing in the grate, he launched himself upon the elf, flattening him.
Hermione’s scream mingled with Kreacher’s, but Harry bellowed louder than both of them: “Kreacher, I order you to stay still!”    He felt the elf freeze and released him.

Chapter Number: 11
Chapter Number: The Bribe
Chapter Summary: 
“I am Remus John Lupin, werewolf, sometimes known as Moony, one of the four creators of the Marauder’s Map, married to Nymphadora, usually known as Tonks, and I taught you how to produce a Patronus, Harry, which takes the form of a stag.”    “Oh, all right,” said Harry, lowering his wand, “but I had to check, didn’t I?”    “Speaking as your ex-Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, I quite agree that you had to check.
“I’m sorry, Harry,” Lupin said.
“I’ll understand if you can’t confirm this, Harry, but the Order is under the impression that Dumbledore left you a mission.”    “He did,” Harry replied, “and Ron and Hermione are in on it and they’re coming with me.”    “Can you confide in me what the mission is?”    Harry looked into the prematurely lined face, framed in thick but graying hair, and wished that he could return a different answer.
“Parents,” said Harry, “shouldn’t leave their kids unless — unless they’ve got to.”    “Harry —” said Hermione, stretching out a consoling hand, but he shrugged it off and walked away, his eyes on the fire Hermione had conjured.
Harry looked above the picture and saw the headline:    EXCLUSIVE EXTRACT FROM THE UPCOMING BIOGRAPHY OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE    by Rita Skeeter         Thinking that it could hardly make him feel any worse than he already did, Harry began to read:     Proud and haughty, Kendra Dumbledore could not bear to remain in Mould-on-the-Wold after her husband Percival’s well-publicized arrest and imprisonment in Azkaban.

Chapter Number: 12
Chapter Number: Magic is Might
Chapter Summary: 
Hermione Disapparated with Ron first, then came back for Harry.
“And now,” she said, turning back to face the other two in the alleyway, “we put on the Cloak again —”    “— and we wait,” Ron finished, throwing it over Hermione’s head like a blanket over a birdcage and rolling his eyes at Harry.
“Nicely done, Hermione,” said Ron, emerging from behind a bin beside the theater door as Harry took off the Invisibility Cloak.
Magical Maintenance will be here any second.”    They hurried to close the door on the real Mafalda; Harry and Ron threw the Invisibility Cloak over themselves but Hermione remained in view, waiting.
Anyway, I’m Reg Cattermole, according to the label in the back.”    “Now wait here,” Hermione told Harry, who was still under the Invisibility Cloak, “and we’ll be back with some hairs for you.”    He had to wait ten minutes, but it seemed much longer to Harry, skulking alone in the sick-splattered alleyway beside the door concealing the Stunned Mafalda.

Chapter Number: 13
Chapter Number: The Muggle-Born Registration Commission
Chapter Summary: 
“Ron, it’s me, Harry!”    “Harry!
Blimey, I forgot what you looked like — why isn’t Hermione with you?”    “She had to go down to the courtrooms with Umbridge, she couldn’t refuse, and —”    But before Harry could finish the lift had stopped again: The doors opened and Mr. Weasley walked inside, talking to an elderly witch whose blonde hair was teased so high it resembled an anthill.
“Harry!”    “Hermione, if you think I was going to sit here and let her pretend —”    “Harry, Mrs. Cattermole!”    Harry whirled around, throwing off the Invisibility Cloak; down below, the dementors had moved out of their corners; they were gliding toward the woman chained to the chair: Whether because the Patronus had vanished or because they sensed that their masters were no longer in control, they seemed to have abandoned restraint.
You’ve seen how it is, you won’t get anything like a fair hearing here.”    “Harry,” said Hermione, “how are we going to get out of here with all those dementors outside the door?”    “Patronuses,” said Harry, pointing his wand at his own: The stag slowed and walked, still gleaming brightly, toward the door.
“Harry, they know there are intruders inside the Ministry, something about a hole in Umbridge’s office door, I reckon we’ve got five minutes if that —”    Hermione’s Patronus vanished with a pop as she turned a horror-struck face to Harry.

Chapter Number: 14
Chapter Number: The Thief
Chapter Summary: 
“Harry, quickly, in my bag, there’s a small bottle labeled ‘Essence of Dittany’ —”    “Bag — right —”    Harry sped to the place where Hermione had landed, seized the tiny beaded bag, and thrust his hand inside it.
With a twinge of regret that had nothing to do with food, Harry imagined the house-elf busying himself over the steak-and-kidney pie that Harry, Ron, and Hermione would never eat.
“D’you reckon we should move on?” Ron asked Harry, and Harry could tell by the look on Ron’s face that he was thinking the same.
With the Sneakoscope Hermione had given Harry for his birthday set carefully upon the table in the tent, Harry and Hermione spent the rest of the day sharing the role of lookout.
He always knows.”    The hanging man’s pupils were wide, dilated with fear, and they seemed to swell, bigger and bigger until their blackness swallowed Harry whole —    And now Harry was hurrying along a dark corridor in stout little Gregorovitch’s wake as he held a lantern aloft: Gregorovitch burst into the room at the end of the passage and his lantern illuminated what looked like a workshop; wood shavings and gold gleamed in the swinging pool of light, and there on the window ledge sat perched, like a giant bird, a young man with golden hair.

Chapter Number: 15
Chapter Number: The Goblin's Revenge
Chapter Summary: 
“But we’ll take turns wearing it, so nobody keeps it on too long.”    “Great,” said Ron irritably, “and now we’ve sorted that out, can we please get some food?”    “Fine, but we’ll go somewhere else to find it,” said Hermione with half a glance at Harry.
Harry knew that Ron was hoping to hear news of his family or of the rest of the Order of the Phoenix, but after all, he, Harry, was not a television aerial; he could only see what Voldemort was thinking at the time, not tune in to whatever took his fancy.
Hermione snatched up the beaded bag and started to rummage; after a moment she drew out three Extendable Ears and threw one each to Harry and Ron, who hastily inserted the ends of the flesh-colored strings into their ears and fed the other ends out of the tent entrance.
And then I met Dean here, what, a few days ago, son?”    “Yeah,” said another voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at each other, silent but beside themselves with excitement, sure they recognized the voice of Dean Thomas, their fellow Gryffindor.
“If somebody swapped the real sword for the fake while it was in Dumbledore’s office,” she panted, as they propped the painting against the side of the tent, “Phineas Nigellus would have seen it happen, he hangs right beside the case!”    “Unless he was asleep,” said Harry, but he still held his breath as Hermione knelt down in front of the empty canvas, her wand directed at its center, cleared her throat, then said:    “Er — Phineas?

Chapter Number: 16
Chapter Number: Godric's Hollow
Chapter Summary: 
They had just eaten an unusually good meal: Hermione had been to a supermarket under the Invisibility Cloak  scrupulously dropping the money into an open till as she left , and Harry thought that she might be more persuadable than usual on a stomach full of spaghetti Bolognese and tinned pears.
Gryffindor came from Godric’s Hollow?”    “Harry, did you ever even open A History of Magic?”    “Erm,” he said, smiling for what felt like the first time in months: The muscles in his face felt oddly stiff.
After Hermione had gone to bed that night, Harry quietly extracted his rucksack from Hermione’s beaded bag, and from inside it, the photograph album Hagrid had given him so long ago.
Harry would gladly have set out for Godric’s Hollow the following day, but Hermione had other ideas.
Harry could not help thinking that he and Dumbledore both had deep roots in this graveyard, and that Dumbledore ought to have told him so, yet he had never thought to share the connection.

Chapter Number: 17
Chapter Number: Bathilda's Secret
Chapter Summary: 
Hermione, I think she wants me to go upstairs with her.”    “All right,” said Hermione, “let’s go.”    But when Hermione moved, Bathilda shook her head with surprising vigor, once more pointing first at Harry, then to herself.
Frozen air filled the room as Harry ducked to avoid another shower of broken glass and his foot slipped on a pencil-like something — his wand —    He bent and snatched it up, but now the room was full of the snake, its tail thrashing; Hermione was nowhere to be seen and for a moment Harry thought the worst, but then there was a loud bang and a flash of red light, and the snake flew into the air, smacking Harry hard in the face as it went, coil after heavy coil rising up to the ceiling.
Everything was chaos: It smashed shelves from the wall, and splintered china flew everywhere as Harry jumped over the bed and seized the dark shape he knew to be Hermione —    She shrieked with pain as he pulled her back across the bed: The snake reared again, but Harry knew that worse than the snake was coming, was perhaps already at the gate, his head was going to split open with the pain from his scar —    The snake lunged as he took a running leap, dragging Hermione with him; as it struck, Hermione screamed, “Confringo!” and her spell flew around the room, exploding the wardrobe mirror and ricocheting back at them, bouncing from floor to ceiling; Harry felt the heat of it sear the back of his hand.
And his scream was Harry’s scream, his pain was Harry’s pain .
“Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry!”    “Stand aside, you silly girl .

Chapter Number: 18
Chapter Number: The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore
Chapter Summary: 
Rita.’ I think it must have arrived while the real Bathilda was alive, but perhaps she wasn’t in any fit state to read it?”    “No, she probably wasn’t.”    Harry looked down upon Dumbledore’s face and experienced a surge of savage pleasure: Now he would know all the things that Dumbledore had never thought it worth telling him, whether Dumbledore wanted him to or not.
Hitherto, all that has been known of Grindelwald’s next movements is that he “traveled abroad for some months.” It can now be revealed that Grindelwald chose to visit his great-aunt in Godric’s Hollow, and that there, intensely shocking though it will be for many to hear it, he struck up a close friendship with none other than Albus Dumbledore.
Bathilda shows me a letter, kept by her, that Albus Dumbledore sent Gellert Grindelwald in the dead of night.
The Dumbledore we knew would never, ever have allowed —”    “The Dumbledore we thought we knew didn’t want to conquer Muggles by force!” Harry shouted, his voice echoing across the empty hilltop, and several blackbirds rose into the air, squawking and spiraling against the pearly sky.
Dumbledore was the one who stopped Grindelwald, the one who always voted for Muggle protection and Muggle-born rights, who fought You-Know-Who from the start, and who died trying to bring him down!”    Rita’s book lay on the ground between them, so that the face of Albus Dumbledore smiled dolefully at both.

Chapter Number: 19
Chapter Number: The Silver Doe
Chapter Summary: 
I’m not making excuses, Harry, for what I was like, but it affects me worse than it affected you and Hermione, it made me think stuff — stuff I was thinking anyway, but it made everything worse, I can’t explain it, and then I’d take it off and I’d get my head on straight again, and then I’d have to put the effing thing back on — I can’t do it, Harry!”    He had backed away, the sword dragging at his side, shaking his head.
Ron yelled in shock and backed away as the figures blossomed out of the locket, first chests, then waists, then legs, until they stood in the locket, side by side like trees with a common root, swaying over Ron and the real Harry, who had snatched his fingers away from the locket as it burned, suddenly, white-hot.
Harry got to his feet again and walked to where Ron’s enormous rucksack lay yards away, discarded as Ron had run toward the pool to save Harry from drowning.
I begged you to come back!”    “I know,” Ron said, “Hermione, I’m sorry, I’m really —”    “Oh, you’re sorry!”    She laughed, a high-pitched, out-of-control sound; Ron looked at Harry for help, but Harry merely grimaced his helplessness.
“You come back after weeks — weeks — and you think it’s all going to be all right if you just say sorry?”    “Well, what else can I say?” Ron shouted, and Harry was glad that Ron was fighting back.

Chapter Number: 20
Chapter Number: Xenophilius Lovegood
Chapter Summary: 
Harry had finally managed to tell Ron the whole story of his and Hermione’s various wanderings, right up to the full story of what had happened at Godric’s Hollow; Ron was now filling Harry in on everything he had discovered about the wider Wizarding world during his weeks away.
I mean,” Ron was watching Harry out of the corners of his eyes, “he had the real sword last, didn’t he?”    Harry did not laugh at Ron, because he understood too well the longing behind the question.
“It won’t be like Godric’s Hollow,” Ron added, “Lovegood’s on your side, Harry, The Quibbler’s been for you all along, it keeps telling everyone they’ve got to help you!”    “I’m sure this is important!” said Hermione earnestly.
“I’m Harry, Harry Potter.”    Xenophilius did not take Harry’s hand, although the eye that was not pointing inward at his nose slid straight to the scar on Harry’s forehead.
Now,” he said, turning to Harry, “why exactly have you come here, Mr. Potter?”    “We need some help,” said Harry, before Hermione could start again.

Chapter Number: 21
Chapter Number: The Tale of the Three Brothers
Chapter Summary: 
“I assume that you are all familiar with ‘The Tale of the Three Brothers’?”    Harry said, “No,” but Ron and Hermione both said, “Yes.” Xenophilius nodded gravely.
“It’s just a morality tale, it’s obvious which gift is best, which one you’d choose —”    The three of them spoke at the same time; Hermione said, “the Cloak,” Ron said, “the wand,” and Harry said, “the stone.”    They looked at each other, half surprised, half amused.
Some wizards just like to boast that theirs are bigger and better than other people’s.”    “But how do you know,” said Harry, “that those wands — the Deathstick and the Wand of Destiny — aren’t the same wand, surfacing over the centuries under different names?”    “What, and they’re all really the Elder Wand, made by Death?” said Ron.
“What’s wrong?” Hermione asked as Harry descended the staircase, but before he could respond, Xenophilius reached the top of the stairs from the kitchen, now holding a tray laden with bowls.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione drew their wands: Xenophilius froze, his hand about to enter his pocket.

Chapter Number: 22
Chapter Number: The Deathly Hallows
Chapter Summary: 
Please,” she said as he started to speak, “please just answer me this: If the Deathly Hallows really existed, and Dumbledore knew about them, knew that the person who possessed all three of them would be master of Death — Harry, why wouldn’t he have told you?
.”    Diagon Alley, Hogwarts, the Riddle House, Borgin and Burkes, Albania, every place that they knew Tom Riddle had ever lived or worked, visited or murdered, Ron and Hermione raked over them again, Harry joining in only to stop Hermione pestering him.
Get in here, Harry!”    Roused for the first time in days from his contemplation of the Deathly Hallows, Harry hurried back inside the tent to find Ron and Hermione kneeling on the floor beside the little radio.
“Listeners, I’d like to invite you now to join us in a minute’s silence in memory of Ted Tonks, Dirk Cresswell, Bathilda Bagshot, Gornuk, and the unnamed, but no less regretted, Muggles murdered by the Death Eaters.”    Silence fell, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not speak.
We like to refer to him as the Chief Death Eater, and here to give his views on some of the more insane rumors circulating about him, I’d like to introduce a new correspondent: Rodent.”    “‘Rodent’?” said yet another familiar voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione cried out together:    “Fred!”    “No — is it George?”    “It’s Fred, I think,” said Ron, leaning in closer, as whichever twin it was said,    “I’m not being ‘Rodent,’ no way, I told you I wanted to be ‘Rapier’!”    “Oh, all right then.

Chapter Number: 23
Chapter Number: Malfoy Manor
Chapter Summary: 
With a huge effort of will Harry closed his mind to Voldemort’s thoughts, pulling himself back to where he sat, tied to Ron, Hermione, Dean, and Griphook in the darkness, listening to Greyback and Scabior.
Harry, still fighting to remain present inside his own splitting head, could think of nothing to say: Fragmented visions were breaking across the surface of his mind —    — He was gliding around the high walls of the black fortress —    No, he was Harry, tied up and wandless, in grave danger —    — looking up, up to the topmost window, the highest tower —    He was Harry, and they were discussing his fate in low voices —    — Time to fly .
I’ll do Potter!” said Greyback, seizing a fistful of Harry’s hair; Harry could feel his long yellow nails scratching his scalp.
We’ve caught Harry Potter!”    Greyback seized Harry and dragged him around to face the light, forcing the other prisoners to shuffle around too.
He was keeping his distance from Greyback, and seemed as scared of looking at Harry as Harry was of looking at him.

Chapter Number: 24
Chapter Number: The Wandmaker
Chapter Summary: 
Just as Voldemort had not been able to possess Harry while Harry was consumed with grief for Sirius, so his thoughts could not penetrate Harry now, while he mourned Dobby.
“You are an unusual wizard, Harry Potter.”    “In what way?” asked Harry, rubbing his scar absently.
Can you believe that?”    The goblin looked slantwise at Harry, and the lightning scar on Harry’s forehead prickled, but he ignored it, refusing to acknowledge its pain or its invitation.
Not from wand-carriers.”    “Wand-carriers,” repeated Harry: The phrase fell oddly upon his ears as his scar prickled, as Voldemort turned his thoughts northward, and as Harry burned to question Ollivander next door.
“He can’t know that, Harry, how could he — ?”    “Priori Incantatem,” said Harry.

Chapter Number: 25
Chapter Number: Shell Cottage
Chapter Summary: 
Don’t you, Harry?”    “I could have,” said Harry without looking at her.
Ze goblin,” she scowled a little at the mention of him, “can move downstairs, and you, Ron, and Dean can take zat room.”    “We don’t mind sleeping in the living room,” said Harry, who knew that Griphook would think poorly of having to sleep on the sofa; keeping Griphook happy was essential to their plans.
“Harry, what do you want from Griphook, and what have you promised him in return?”    “I can’t tell you that,” said Harry.
However, there is a belief among some goblins, and those at Gringotts are perhaps most prone to it, that wizards cannot be trusted in matters of gold and treasure, that they have no respect for goblin ownership.”    “I respect —” Harry began, but Bill shook his head.
“All I am saying,” said Bill, setting his hand on the door back into the sitting room, “is to be very careful what you promise goblins, Harry.

Chapter Number: 26
Chapter Number: Gringotts
Chapter Summary: 
“There,” said Hermione, “how does he look, Harry?”    It was just possible to discern Ron under his disguise, but only, Harry thought, because he knew him so well.
“I should climb up now, Harry Potter, I think?”    Harry bent down and the goblin clambered onto his back, his hands linked in front of Harry’s throat.
“It’s Travers,” hissed the goblin into Harry’s ear, but at that moment Harry could not think who Travers was.
“Act now, act now,” whispered Griphook in Harry’s ear, “the Imperius Curse!”    Harry raised the hawthorn wand beneath the cloak, pointed it at the old goblin, and whispered, for the first time in his life, “Imperio!”    A curious sensation shot down Harry’s arm, a feeling of tingling warmth that seemed to flow from his mind, down the sinews and veins connecting him to the wand and the curse it had just cast.
Harry was sure he could hear shouting behind them in the main hall as they all clambered into it, Bogrod in front with Griphook, Harry, Ron, and Hermione crammed together in the back.

Chapter Number: 27
Chapter Number: The Final Hiding Place
Chapter Summary: 
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN            THE FINAL HIDING PLACE          There was no means of steering; the dragon could not see where it was going, and Harry knew that if it turned sharply or rolled in midair they would find it impossible to cling onto its broad back.
“Maybe they’ll cover up —”    The sky, the smell of lake water, the sound of Ron’s voice were extinguished: Pain cleaved Harry’s head like a sword stroke.
The Elder Wand slashed through the air and green light erupted through the room; the kneeling goblin rolled over, dead; the watching wizards scattered before him, terrified: Bellatrix and Lucius Malfoy threw others behind them in their race for the door, and again and again his wand fell, and those who were left were slain, all of them, for bringing him this news, for hearing about the golden cup —    Alone amongst the dead he stormed up and down, and they passed before him in vision: his treasures, his safeguards, his anchors to immortality — the diary was destroyed and the cup was stolen: What if, what if, the boy knew about the others?
Dumbledore, who had always suspected him; Dumbledore, dead on his orders; Dumbledore, whose wand was his now, yet who reached out from the ignominy of death through the boy, the boy —    But surely if the boy had destroyed any of his Horcruxes, he, Lord Voldemort, would have known, would have felt it?
Harry’s eyes flew open as he wrenched himself back to the present: He was lying on the bank of the lake in the setting sun, and Ron and Hermione were looking down at him.

Chapter Number: 28
Chapter Number: The Missing Mirror
Chapter Summary: 
He’s here.”    Six of the Death Eaters ran toward them: Harry, Ron, and Hermione backed as quickly as possible down the nearest side street, and the Death Eaters missed them by inches.
“It’s him, down there, down there, I saw his Patronus, it was a stag!”    The dementors had retreated, the stars were popping out again, and the footsteps of the Death Eaters were becoming louder; but before Harry in his panic could decide what to do, there was a grinding of bolts nearby, a door opened on the left-hand side of the narrow street, and a rough voice said, “Potter, in here, quick!”    He obeyed without hesitation: The three of them hurtled through the open doorway.
He met Aberforth’s gaze, which was so strikingly like his brother’s: The bright blue eyes gave the same impression that they were X-raying the object of their scrutiny, and Harry thought that Aberforth knew what he was thinking and despised him for it.
But my mother was killed.”    Harry felt a horrible mixture of pity and repulsion; he did not want to hear any more, but Aberforth kept talking, and Harry wondered how long it had been since he had spoken about this; whether, in fact, he had ever spoken about it.
It was nearly time for me to go back to Hogwarts, so I told ’em, both of ’em, face-to-face, like I am to you, now,” and Aberforth looked down at Harry, and it took little imagination to see him as a teenager, wiry and angry, confronting his elder brother.

Chapter Number: 29
Chapter Number: The Lost Diadem
Chapter Summary: 
Old Xeno Lovegood was getting a bit too outspoken in The Quibbler, so they dragged Luna off the train on the way back for Christmas.”    “Neville, she’s all right, we’ve seen her —”    “Yeah, I know, she managed to get a message to me.”    From his pocket he pulled a golden coin, and Harry recognized it as one of the fake Galleons that Dumbledore’s Army had used to send one another messages.
Didn’t I tell you?”    As Harry emerged into the room beyond the passage, there were several screams and yells: “HARRY!” “It’s Potter, it’s POTTER!” “Ron!” “Hermione!”    He had a confused impression of colored hangings, of lamps and many faces.
“Are you all right, Harry?” Neville was saying.
We don’t have to tell them it’s a Horcrux.”    Harry looked from Ron to Hermione, who murmured, “I think Ron’s right.
We don’t even know what we’re looking for, we need them.” And when Harry looked unconvinced, “You don’t have to do everything alone, Harry.”    Harry thought fast, his scar still prickling, his head threatening to split again.

Chapter Number: 30
Chapter Number: The Sacking of Severus Snape
Chapter Summary: 
Before Harry or Luna could act, Professor McGonagall rose to her feet, pointed her wand at the groggy Death Eater, and said, “Imperio.”    Amycus got up, walked over to his sister, picked up her wand, then shuffled obediently to Professor McGonagall and handed it over along with his own.
“Potter,” said Professor McGonagall, turning to face him again with superb indifference to the Carrows’ predicament, “if He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named does indeed know that you are here —”    As she said it, a wrath that was like physical pain blazed through Harry, setting his scar on fire, and for a second he looked down upon a basin whose potion had turned clear, and saw that no golden locket lay safe beneath the surface —    “Potter, are you all right?” said a voice, and Harry came back: He was clutching Luna’s shoulder to steady himself.
Because if you have, I must insist —”    Professor McGonagall moved faster than Harry could have believed: Her wand slashed through the air and for a split second Harry thought that Snape must crumple, unconscious, but the swiftness of his Shield Charm was such that McGonagall was thrown off balance.
She brandished her wand at a torch on the wall and it flew out of its bracket: Harry, about to curse Snape, was forced to pull Luna out of the way of the descending flames, which became a ring of fire that filled the corridor and flew like a lasso at Snape —    Then it was no longer fire, but a great black serpent that McGonagall blasted to smoke, which re-formed and solidified in seconds to become a swarm of pursuing daggers: Snape avoided them only by forcing the suit of armor in front of him, and with echoing clangs the daggers sank, one after another, into its breast —    “Minerva!” said a squeaky voice, and looking behind him, still shielding Luna from flying spells, Harry saw Professors Flitwick and Sprout sprinting up the corridor toward them in their nightclothes, with the enormous Professor Slughorn panting along at the rear.
“Go and wake your students, Horace.”    Harry did not stay to watch Slughorn splutter: He and Luna ran after Professor McGonagall, who had taken up a position in the middle of the corridor and raised her wand.

Chapter Number: 31
Chapter Number: The Battle of Hogwarts
Chapter Summary: 
However, as Harry skirted the walls, scanning the Gryffindor table for Ron and Hermione, Ernie Macmillan stood up at the Hufflepuff table and shouted, “And what if we want to stay and fight?”    There was a smattering of applause.
Harry moved up the Hall alongside the Gryffindor table, still looking for Ron and Hermione.
Then the Hufflepuffs stood, and almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with their backs to Harry, all of them looking toward Pansy instead, and Harry, awestruck and overwhelmed, saw wands emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from under sleeves.
“That’s her over there, Harry, the young woman with the long hair.”    Harry looked in the direction of Nick’s transparent, pointing finger and saw a tall ghost who caught sight of Harry looking at her, raised her eyebrows, and drifted away through a solid wall.
“Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels, drive them out, Harry Potter, see them off!”    Harry hurtled around a corner and found Fred and a small knot of students, including Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott, standing beside another empty plinth, whose statue had concealed a secret passageway.

Chapter Number: 32
Chapter Number: The Elder Wand
Chapter Summary: 
“Get down!” Harry shouted, as more curses flew through the night: He and Ron had both grabbed Hermione and pulled her to the floor, but Percy lay across Fred’s body, shielding it from further harm, and when Harry shouted, “Percy, come on, we’ve got to move!” he shook his head.
“POTTER!”    Two masked Death Eaters stood there, but even before their wands were fully raised, Hermione shouted, “Glisseo!”    The stairs beneath their feet flattened into a chute and she, Harry, and Ron hurtled down it, unable to control their speed but so fast that the Death Eaters’ Stunning Spells flew far over their heads.
“The Whomping Willow,” said Harry, “go!”    Somehow he walled it all up in his mind, crammed it into a small space into which he could not look now: Thoughts of Fred and Hagrid, and his terror for all the people he loved, scattered in and outside the castle, must all wait, because they had to run, had to reach the snake and Voldemort, because that was, as Hermione said, the only way to end it —    He sprinted, half believing he could outdistance death itself, ignoring the jets of light flying in the darkness all around him, and the sound of the lake crashing like the sea, and the creaking of the Forbidden Forest though the night was windless; through grounds that seemed themselves to have risen in rebellion, he ran faster than he had ever moved in his life, and it was he who saw the great tree first, the Willow that protected the secret at its roots with whiplike, slashing branches.
Voldemort started to move around the room: Harry lost sight of him for seconds as he prowled, speaking in that same measured voice, while the pain and fury mounted in Harry.
“Why did both the wands I have used fail when directed at Harry Potter?”    “I — I cannot answer that, my Lord.”    “Can’t you?”    The stab of rage felt like a spike driven through Harry’s head: He forced his own fist into his mouth to stop himself from crying out in pain.

Chapter Number: 33
Chapter Number: The Prince's Tale
Chapter Summary: 
He stood watching them as they marched through the playground gate, and Harry, the only one left to observe him, recognized Snape’s bitter disappointment, and understood that Snape had been planning this moment for a while, and that it had all gone wrong.
“Slytherin?”    One of the boys sharing the compartment, who had shown no interest at all in Lily or Snape until that point, looked around at the word, and Harry, whose attention had been focused entirely on the two beside the window, saw his father: slight, black-haired like Snape, but with that indefinable air of having been well-cared-for, even adored, that Snape so conspicuously lacked.
And Severus Snape moved off to the other side of the Hall, away from Lily, to where the Slytherins were cheering him, to where Lucius Malfoy, a prefect badge gleaming upon his chest, patted Snape on the back as he sat down beside him.
His fear infected Harry too, even though he knew that he could not be harmed, and he looked over his shoulder, wondering what it was that Snape was waiting for —    Then a blinding, jagged jet of white light flew through the air: Harry thought of lightning, but Snape had dropped to his knees and his wand had flown out of his hand.
Please.”    “And what will you give me in return, Severus?”    “In — in return?” Snape gaped at Dumbledore, and Harry expected him to protest, but after a long moment he said, “Anything.”    The hilltop faded, and Harry stood in Dumbledore’s office, and something was making a terrible sound, like a wounded animal.

Chapter Number: 34
Chapter Number: The Forest Again
Chapter Summary: 
Dumbledore knew, as Voldemort knew, that Harry would not let anyone else die for him now that he had discovered it was in his power to stop it.
Could it be — ?”    Two figures emerged from behind a nearby tree: Their wands flared, and Harry saw Yaxley and Dolohov peering into the darkness, directly at the place Harry, his mother and father and Sirius and Lupin stood.
They had traveled on mere minutes when Harry saw light ahead, and Yaxley and Dolohov stepped out into a clearing that Harry knew had been the place where the monstrous Aragog had once lived.
Voldemort had frozen where he stood, but his red eyes had found Harry, and he stared as Harry moved toward him, with nothing but the fire between them.
Harry looked back into the red eyes, and wanted it to happen now, quickly, while he could still stand, before he lost control, before he betrayed fear —    He saw the mouth move and a flash of green light, and everything was gone.

Chapter Number: 35
Chapter Number: King's Cross
Chapter Summary: 
Let us walk.”    Stunned, Harry followed as Dumbledore strode away from where the flayed child lay whimpering, leading him to two seats that Harry had not previously noticed, set some distance away under that high, sparkling ceiling.
His body keeps her sacrifice alive, and while that enchantment survives, so do you and so does Voldemort’s one last hope for himself.”    Dumbledore smiled at Harry, and Harry stared at him.
Why did my wand break the wand he borrowed?”    “As to that, I cannot be sure.”    “Have a guess, then,” said Harry, and Dumbledore laughed.
At last he knew what Dumbledore would have seen when he looked in the Mirror of Erised, and why Dumbledore had been so understanding of the fascination it had exercised over Harry.
You are the worthy possessor of the Hallows.”    Dumbledore patted Harry’s hand, and Harry looked up at the old man and smiled; he could not help himself.

Chapter Number: 36
Chapter Number: The Flaw in the Plan
Chapter Summary: 
Harry could feel Hagrid’s arms trembling with the force of his heaving sobs; great tears splashed down upon him as Hagrid cradled Harry in his arms, and Harry did not dare, by movement or word, to intimate to Hagrid that all was not, yet, lost.
HARRY!”    Ron’s, Hermione’s, and Ginny’s voices were worse than McGonagall’s; Harry wanted nothing more than to call back, yet he made himself lie silent, and their cries acted like a trigger; the crowd of survivors took up the cause, screaming and yelling abuse at the Death Eaters, until —    “SILENCE!” cried Voldemort, and there was a bang and a flash of bright light, and silence was forced upon them all.
With a single stroke Neville sliced off the great snake’s head, which spun high into the air, gleaming in the light flooding from the entrance hall, and Voldemort’s mouth was open in a scream of fury that nobody could hear, and the snake’s body thudded to the ground at his feet —    Hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry cast a Shield Charm between Neville and Voldemort before the latter could raise his wand.
Still hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry was buffeted into the entrance hall: He was searching for Voldemort and saw him across the room, firing spells from his wand as he backed into the Great Hall, still screaming instructions to his followers as he sent curses flying left and right; Harry cast more Shield Charms, and Voldemort’s would-be victims, Seamus Finnigan and Hannah Abbott, darted past him into the Great Hall, where they joined the fight already flourishing inside it.
Voldemort was now dueling McGonagall, Slughorn, and Kingsley all at once, and there was cold hatred in his face as they wove and ducked around him, unable to finish him —    Bellatrix was still fighting too, fifty yards away from Voldemort, and like her master she dueled three at once: Hermione, Ginny, and Luna, all battling their hardest, but Bellatrix was equal to them, and Harry’s attention was diverted as a Killing Curse shot so close to Ginny that she missed death by an inch —    He changed course, running at Bellatrix rather than Voldemort, but before he had gone a few steps he was knocked sideways.


***** Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire *****

Chapter Number: 1
Chapter Number: The Riddle House
Chapter Summary: 
Chapter 1 The Riddle House      The villagers of Little Hangleton still called it "the Riddle House," even though it had been many years since the Riddle family had lived there.
"Frank!"
"Wormtail, Wormtail," said the cold voice silkily, "why would I kill you?
Wormtail muttered something so quietly that Frank could not hear it, but it made the second man laugh - an entirely mirthless laugh, cold as his speech.
Frank stared at the back of the armchair; the man inside it seemed to be even smaller than his servant, for Frank couldn't even see the back of his head.

Chapter Number: 2
Chapter Number: The Scar
Chapter Summary: 
All Harry knew was that at the moment when Voldemort's chair had swung around, and he, Harry, had seen what was sitting in it, he had felt a spasm of horror, which had awoken him.
Wherever Dumbledore was, though, Harry was sure that Hedwig would be able to find him; Harry's owl had never yet failed to deliver a letter to anyone, even without an address.
In any case, Harry didn't like the idea of the whole Weasley family knowing that he, Harry, was getting jumpy about a few moments' pain.
Sirius's letters, which were now hidden beneath the highly useful loose floorboards under Harry's bed, sounded cheerful, and in both of them he had reminded Harry to call on him if ever Harry needed to.
Harry  Yes, thought Harry, that looked all right.

Chapter Number: 3
Chapter Number: The Invitation
Chapter Summary: 
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia had managed to find excuses for his bad marks as usual: Aunt Petunia always insisted that Dudley was a very gifted boy whose teachers didn't understand him, while Uncle Vernon maintained that "he didn't want some swotty little nancy boy for a son anyway. "
Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, then looked down at the letter and began to read aloud:    Dear Mr. and Mrs. Dursley,  We have never been introduced, but I am sure you have heard a great deal from Harry about my son Ron.
Allowing Harry to go would make Harry happy, something Uncle Vernon had struggled against for thirteen years.
On the other hand, allowing Harry to disappear to the Weasleys' for the rest of the summer would get rid of him two weeks earlier than anyone could have hoped, and Uncle Vernon hated having Harry in the house.
If he told Harry he couldn't go to the Quidditch World Cup, Harry would write and tell Sirius, who would know Harry was being mistreated.

Chapter Number: 4
Chapter Number: Back to the Burrow
Chapter Summary: 
"Mr. Weasley, it's Harry.
Harry suspected that Fred and George were hoping for a glimpse of Dudley; they had heard a lot about him from Harry.
Indeed, from the tone of his voice when he next spoke, Harry was quite sure that Mr. Weasley thought Dudley was quite as mad as the Dursleys thought he was, except that Mr. Weasley felt sympathy rather than fear.
"It's a simple process it was the toffee - my son Fred - real practical joker - but it's only an Engorgement Charm - at least, I think it is - please, I can correct it -"    But far from being reassured, the Dursleys became more panic- stricken; Aunt Petunia was sobbing hysterically, tugging Dudley's tongue as though determined to rip it out; Dudley appeared to be suffocating under the combined pressure of his mother and his tongue; and Uncle Vernon, who had lost control completely, seized a china figure from on top of the sideboard and threw it very hard at Mr. Weasley, who ducked, causing the ornament to shatter in the blasted fireplace.
His last fleeting glimpse of the living room was of Mr. Weasley blasting a third ornament out of Uncle Vernon's hand with his wand, Aunt Petunia screaming and lying on top of Dudley, and Dudley's tongue lolling around like a great slimy python.

Chapter Number: 5
Chapter Number: Weasley's Wizard Wheezes
Chapter Summary: 
The tiny kitchen exploded with laughter; Harry looked around and saw that Ron and George were sitting at the scrubbed wooden table with two red-haired people Harry had never seen before, though he knew immediately who they must be: Bill and Charlie, the two eldest Weasley brothers.
Harry knew that he worked for the wizarding bank, Gringotts, and that Bill had been Head Boy at Hogwarts; Harry had always imagined Bill to be an older version of Percy: fussy about rule-breaking and fond of bossing everyone around.
The room at the top of the house where Ron slept looked much as it had the last time that Harry had come to stay: the same posters of Ron's favorite Quidditch team, the Chudley Cannons, were whirling and waving on the walls and sloping ceiling, and the fish tank on the windowsill, which had previously held frog spawn, now contained one extremely large frog.
By seven o'clock, the two tables were groaning under dishes and dishes of Mrs. Weasley's excellent cooking, and the nine Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione were settling themselves down to eat beneath a clear, deep-blue sky.
Percy cleared his throat significantly and looked down toward the end of the table where Harry, Ron, and Hermione were sitting.

Chapter Number: 6
Chapter Number: The Portkey
Chapter Summary: 
Mrs. Weasley was stirring the contents of a large pot on the stove, while Mr. Weasley was sitting at the table, checking a sheaf of large parchment tickets.
Mrs. Weasley was still glowering as she kissed Mr. Weasley on the cheek, though not nearly as much as the twins, who had each hoisted their rucksacks onto their backs and walked out without a word to her.
"I'll send Bill, Charlie, and Percy along around midday," Mrs. Weasley said to Mr. Weasley, as he, Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny set off across the dark yard after Fred and George.
Harry, having been thinking about thousands of wizards speeding toward the Quidditch World Cup, sped up to walk with Mr. Weasley.
Amos Diggory peered good-naturedly around at the three Weasley boys, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny.

Chapter Number: 7
Chapter Number: Bagman and Crouch
Chapter Summary: 
Hermione seemed to have spotted this problem too; she gave Harry a quizzical look as Mr. Weasley dropped to his hands and knees and entered the first tent.
"Well, why don't you, Harry, and Hermione go and get us some water then -" Mr. Weasley handed over the kettle and a couple of saucepans "- and the rest of us will get some wood for a fire?"
Oliver Wood, the old captain of Harry's House Quidditch team, who had just left Hogwarts, dragged Harry over to his parents' tent to introduce him, and told him excitedly that he had just been signed to the Puddlemere United reserve team.
He's just started at the Ministry - and this is Fred - no, George, sorry - that's Fred - Bill, Charlie, Ron - my daughter, Ginny and Ron's friends, Hermione Granger and Harry Potter. "
"You don't want to go showing Mr. Bagman rubbish like that," Percy hissed, but Bagman didn't seem to think the wand was rubbish at all; on the contrary, his boyish face shone with excitement as he took it from Fred, and when the wand gave a loud squawk and turned into a rubber chicken, Bagman roared with laughter.

Chapter Number: 8
Chapter Number: The Quidditch World Cup
Chapter Summary: 
said Harry.
said Harry.
Harry spun the speed dial on his Omnioculars back to normal, watching closely as Mostafa mounted his broomstick and kicked the crate open - four balls burst into the air: the scarlet Quaffle, the two black Bludgers, and  Harry saw it for the briefest moment, before it sped out of sight  the minuscule, winged Golden Snitch.
As one, the Weasley boys and Harry stuffed their fingers into their ears, but Hermione, who hadn't bothered, was soon tugging on Harry's arm.
Harry wanted someone to realize that Krum was injured; even though he was supporting Ireland, Krum was the most exciting player on the field.

Chapter Number: 9
Chapter Number: The Dark Mark
Chapter Summary: 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and George followed.
Ron and Hermione raised their wands high enough to spread the narrow beams of light farther on the ground; Harry looked all around him, but his wand was nowhere to be seen.
Harry whirled around, and in an instant, he registered one fact: Each of these wizards had his wand out, and every wand was pointing right at himself, Ron, and Hermione.
You seem very well informed about how that Mark is summoned, missy -"    But none of the Ministry wizards apart from Mr. Crouch seemed to think it remotely likely that Harry, Ron, or Hermione had conjured the skull; on the contrary, at Hermione's words, they had all raised their wands again and were pointing in the direction she had indicated, squinting through the dark trees.
Harry heard Hermione gasp, horrified, as a gigantic serpent-tongued skull erupted from the point where the two wands met, but it was a mere shadow of the green skull high above them; it looked as though it were made of thick gray smoke: the ghost of a spell.

Chapter Number: 10
Chapter Number: Mayhem at the Ministry
Chapter Summary: 
When they were all crammed into the tiny kitchen, and Hermione had made Mrs. Weasley a cup of very strong tea, into which Mr. Weasley insisted on pouring a shot of Ogdens Old Firewhiskey, Bill handed his father the newspaper.
"Not by name," said Mr. Weasley.
Ron and Hermione looked curiously at Harry.
Hermione was immersed in The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, copies of which Mrs. Weasley had bought for her, Harry, and Ron in Diagon Alley.
"Of course I haven't," said Mrs. Weasley.

Chapter Number: 11
Chapter Number: Aboard the Hogwarts Express
Chapter Summary: 
"Arthur tried to borrow Ministry cars for us," Mrs. Weasley whispered to Harry as they stood in the rain-washed yard, watching the taxi drivers heaving six heavy Hogwarts trunks into their cars.
said Harry, Ron, Fred, and George together.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione went back to their compartment.
said Malfoy in ecstasy, holding up Ron's robes and showing Crabbe and Goyle, "Weasley, you weren't thinking of wearing these, were you?
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville climbed gratefully into one of them, the door shut with a snap, and a few moments later, with a great lurch, the long procession of carriages was rumbling and splashing its way up the track toward Hogwarts Castle.

Chapter Number: 12
Chapter Number: The Triwizard Tournament
Chapter Summary: 
Drenched and sputtering, Ron staggered sideways into Harry, just as a second water bomb dropped - narrowly missing Hermione, it burst at Harry's feet, sending a wave of cold water over his sneakers into his socks.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione slipped and slid across the entrance hall and through the double doors on the right, Ron muttering furiously under his breath as he pushed his sopping hair off his face.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked past the Slytherins, the Ravenclaws, and the Hufflepuffs, and sat down with the rest of the Gryffindors at the far side of the Hall, next to Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost.
If Harry, Ron, and Hermione were wet, it was nothing to how these first years looked.
Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George set off for the entrance hall, Fred and George debating the ways in which Dumbledore might stop those who were under seventeen from entering the tournament.

Chapter Number: 13
Chapter Number: Mad-Eye Moody
Chapter Summary: 
Hagrid said, grinning at Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
Nothing but deep affection for Hagrid could have made Harry, Ron, and Hermione pick up squelchy handfuls of frog liver and lower them into the crates to tempt the Blast-Ended Skrewts.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned.
said Harry - both he and Hermione had grabbed the back of Ron's robes to stop him from launching himself at Malfoy - "that expression she's got, like she's got dung under her nose?
Moody turned to look at Harry - at least, his normal eye was looking at Harry; the other one was pointing into the back of his head.

Chapter Number: 14
Chapter Number: The Unforgivable Curses
Chapter Summary: 
Moody's magical eye spun around to stare at Ron; Ron looked extremely apprehensive, but after a moment Moody smiled - the first time Harry had seen him do so.
Harry felt Ron recoil slightly next to him - Ron hated spiders.
Neville looked pleadingly at Harry, Ron, and Hermione, but they didn't say anything, so Neville had no choice but to allow himself to be steered away, one of Moody's gnarled hands on his shoulder.
Harry and Ron walked back to Gryffindor Tower, and Harry, who had been thinking of nothing else all through dinner, now raised the subject of the Unforgivable Curses himself.
Sirius  Harry looked up at Ron and Hermione, who stared back at him.

Chapter Number: 15
Chapter Number: Beauxbatons and Durmstrang
Chapter Summary: 
"The way he talks," Harry muttered as he hobbled out of the Defense Against the Dark Arts class an hour later  Moody had insisted on putting Harry through his paces four times in a row, until Harry could throw off the curse entirely , "you'd think we were all going to be attacked any second. "
Harry, Ron, and Hermione returned to the castle at the end of the lesson in high spirits; seeing Hagrid put down Malfoy was particularly satisfying, especially because Malfoy had done his very best to get Hagrid sacked the previous year.
Behind the teachers' table, the largest banner of all bore the Hogwarts coat of arms: lion, eagle, badger, and snake united around a large letter H.     Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down beside Fred and George at the Gryffindor table.
Then, checking that Fred and George were safely immersed in further discussions about the Triwizard Tournament, Harry read out Sirius's letter in a whisper to Ron and Hermione.
Harry, standing between Ron and Hermione in the fourth row from the front, saw Dennis Creevey positively shivering with anticipation among the other first years.

Chapter Number: 16
Chapter Number: The Goblet of Fire
Chapter Summary: 
As they recrossed the entrance hall with the rest of the Hogwarts students heading for the Great Hall, Harry saw Lee Jordan jumping up and down on the soles of his feet to get a better look at the back of Krum's head.
"I notice you have dribbled food all down the front of your robes again, disgusting boy -"    Karkaroff turned and led his students toward the doors, reaching them at exactly the same moment as Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
They ended up having lunch with Hagrid, though they didn't eat much - Hagrid had made what he said was a beef casserole, but after Hermione unearthed a large talon in hers, she, Harry, and Ron rather lost their appetites.
Getting to their feet very cautiously, so that Hagrid wouldn't spot them, Harry, Ron, and Hermione peered through the window and saw that Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons students had just emerged from their carriage, clearly about to set off for the feast too.
Ron watched Krum excitedly, but Krum did not look around as he reached the front doors a little ahead of Hermione, Ron, and Harry and proceeded through them.

Chapter Number: 17
Chapter Number: The Four Champions
Chapter Summary: 
"Harry!
Harry will just have to do the best he -"    The door behind them opened again, and a large group of people came in: Professor Dumbledore, followed closely by Mr. Crouch, Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Snape.
"No," said Harry.
"I s'pose," said Harry.
"I didn't," Harry said.

Chapter Number: 18
Chapter Number: The Weighing of the Wands
Chapter Summary: 
Being shut in a dungeon for an hour and a half with Snape and the Slytherins, all of whom seemed determined to punish Harry as much as possible for daring to become school champion, was about the most unpleasant thing Harry could imagine.
"Harry!"
Snape's eyes met Harry's, and Harry knew what was coming.
Now she leaned toward Harry and said, "So, Harry.
Even though he wasn't speaking, it was dashing across the parchment, and in its wake he could make out a fresh sentence:    An ugly scar, souvenier of a tragic past, disfigures the otherwise charming face of Harry Potter, whose eyes -  "Ignore the quill, Harry," said Rita Skeeter firmly.

Chapter Number: 19
Chapter Number: The Hungarian Horntail
Chapter Summary: 
Hermione was furious with the pair of them; she went from one to the other, trying to force them to talk to each other, but Harry was adamant: He would talk to Ron again only if Ron admitted that Harry hadn't put his name in the Goblet of Fire and apologized for calling him a liar.
Hermione told Harry that it would do him good to get away from the castle for a bit, and Harry didn't need much persuasion.
Harry knew Hagrid couldn't see him, but Moody had obviously told Hagrid he was there.
It was true that going down to Hagrid's at midnight would mean cutting his meeting with Sirius very fine indeed; Hermione suggested sending Hedwig down to Hagrid's to tell him he couldn't go - always assuming she would consent to take the note, of course - Harry, however, thought it better just to be quick at whatever Hagrid wanted him for.
Sirius looked at him, eyes full of concern, eyes that had not yet lost the look that Azkaban had given them - that deadened, haunted look He had let Harry talk himself into silence without interruption, but now he said, "Dragons we can deal with, Harry, but we'll get to that in a minute - I haven't got long here.

Chapter Number: 20
Chapter Number: The First Task
Chapter Summary: 
"No," said Harry.
"What d'you think I've been trying to do, Harry?"
"Harry, I really think you've got it!"
"Harry!
Harry soared higher in a circle; the Horntail was still following his progress; its head revolving on its long neck - if he kept this up, it would be nicely dizzy - but better not push it too long, or it would be breathing fire again -    Harry plummeted just as the Horntail opened its mouth, but this time he was less lucky - he missed the flames, but the tail came whipping up to meet him instead, and as he swerved to the left, one of the long spikes grazed his shoulder, ripping his robes -    He could feel it stinging, he could hear screaming and groans from the crowd, but the cut didn't seem to be deep.

Chapter Number: 21
Chapter Number: The House-Elf Liberation Front
Chapter Summary: 
Chapter 21 The House-elf Liberation Front      Harry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery that evening to find Pigwidgeon, so that Harry could send Sirius a letter telling him that he had managed to get past his dragon unscathed.
"I'll show you when we get there - oh come on, quick -"    Harry looked around at Ron; he looked back at Harry, intrigued.
"Dobby has been hoping and hoping to see Harry Potter, sir, and Harry Potter has come to see him, sir!"
One of these, Harry saw, was the black one Harry had removed from his own foot and tricked Mr. Malfoy into giving Dobby, thereby setting Dobby free.
"And then, Harry Potter, Dobby goes to visit Winky, and finds out Winky has been freed too, sir!"

Chapter Number: 22
Chapter Number: The Unexpected Task
Chapter Summary: 
The bell was due to ring at any moment, and Harry and Ron, who had been having a sword fight with a couple of Fred and George's fake wands at the back of the class, looked up, Ron holding a tin parrot and Harry, a rubber haddock.
They both looked around at Harry, Professor McGonagall ignored them, which Harry thought was distinctly unfair, as she had just told off him and Ron.
Harry asked Ron as a dozen or so girls walked past them, sniggering and staring at Harry.
They sat down at the table with Harry, Ron, and Hermione as Ron felt how much damage had been done.
He and Ron were getting very nervous now, though as Harry pointed out, Ron would look much less stupid than he would without a partner; Harry was supposed to be starting the dancing with the other champions.

Chapter Number: 23
Chapter Number: The Yule Ball
Chapter Summary: 
Ron, Harry, and Hermione sat apart from everyone else by a dark window that was gradually filling up with snow, and Harry read out:    Dear Harry,  Congratulations on getting past the Horntail.
Harry turned back to Dobby, who was now standing nervously next to Harry's bed, still looking worried that he had upset Harry.
"Dobby knew sir must be a great wizard, for he is Harry Potter's greatest friend, but Dobby did not know that he was also as generous of spirit, as noble, as selfless -"    "They're only socks," said Ron, who had gone slightly pink around the ears, though he looked rather pleased all the same.
Harry knows that, don't you, Harry?"
"Ron," said Harry quietly, "I haven't got a problem with Hermione coming with Krum -"    But Ron ignored Harry too.

Chapter Number: 24
Chapter Number: Rita Skeeter's Scoop
Chapter Summary: 
Ron and Harry wasted no time in telling Hermione about the conversation they had overheard between Madame Maxime and Hagrid, but Hermione didn't seem to find the news that Hagrid was a half-giant nearly as shocking as Ron did.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed her, looking back over their shoulders at Hagrid's cabin.
"Thanks," said Harry, but he knew this couldn't be all that Bagman wanted to say, because he could have congratulated Harry in front of Ron and Hermione.
First Harry, then Hagrid.
"Hi, Hagrid," said Harry.

Chapter Number: 25
Chapter Number: The Egg and the Eye
Chapter Summary: 
Harry took a great breath and slid under the surface - and now, sitting on the marble bottom of the bubble-filled bath, he heard a chorus of eerie voices singing to him from the open egg in his hands:    "Come seek us where our voices sound,  We cannot sing above the ground,  And while you re searching, ponder this:  Wove taken what you'll sorely miss,  An hour long you'll have to look,  And to recover what we took,  But past an hour-- the prospect's black,  Too late, it's gone, it wont come back"    Harry let himself float back upward and broke the bubbly surface, shaking his hair out of his eyes.
Harry pulled out his wand and struggled to touch the Marauder's Map, to wipe it blank, but it was too far away to reach -    Pulling the cloak back over himself Harry straightened up, listening hard with his eyes screwed up with fear.
"It's mine - must've dropped it earlier -"    But Snape's black eyes were darting from the egg in Filch's arms to the map in Moody's hand, and Harry could tell he was putting two and two together, as only Snape could.
Harry heard Snape walking away down the corridor; Filch handed Moody the egg and disappeared from view too, muttering to Mrs. Norris.
Moody took hold of Harry's arms and pulled; Harry's leg came free of the trick step, and he climbed onto the one above it.

Chapter Number: 26
Chapter Number: The Second Task
Chapter Summary: 
"Oh Ron," said Hermione, shaking her head sceptically, "we thought Snape was trying to kill Harry before, and it turned out he was saving Harry's life, remember?"
Ron quite liked the idea of using the Summoning Charm again - Harry had explained about Aqua-Lungs, and Ron couldn't see why Harry shouldn't Summon one from the nearest Muggle town.
Harry stood up very suddenly; Crookshanks hissed angrily as he landed on the floor, gave Harry a disgusted look, and stalked away with his bottlebrush tail in the air, but Harry was already hurrying up the spiral staircase to his dormitory.
Harry twisted his body around and saw a grindylow, a small, horned water demon, poking out of the weed, its long fingers clutched tightly around Harry's leg, its pointed fangs bared - Harry stuck his webbed hand quickly inside his robes and fumbled for his wand.
Harry pulled his ankle out of the grindylows grip and swam, as fast as he could, occasionally sending more jets of hot water over his shoulder at random; every now and then he felt one of the grindylows snatch at his foot again, and he kicked out, hard; finally, he felt his foot connect with a horned skull, and looking back, saw the dazed grindylow floating away, cross-eyed, while its fellows shook their fists at Harry and sank back into the weed.

Chapter Number: 27
Chapter Number: Padfoot Returns
Chapter Summary: 
The brown owl that Harry had sent to Sirius with the dates of the Hogsmeade weekend turned up at breakfast on Friday morning with half its feathers sticking up the wrong way; Harry had no sooner torn off Sirius's reply than it took flight, clearly afraid it was going to be sent outside again.
Not wanting to remain alone with an exceptionally angry Snape, Harry threw his books and ingredients back into his bag and left at top speed to tell Ron and Hermione what he had just witnessed.
"Yeah, at the Quidditch World Cup," said Harry, and he launched into the story of the Dark Mark's appearance, and Winky being found with Harry's wand clutched in her hand, and Mr. Crouch's fury.
"Right," said Harry, Ron, and Hermione together.
He suddenly looked as menacing as he had the night when Harry first met him, the night when Harry still believed Sirius to be a murderer.

Chapter Number: 28
Chapter Number: The Madness of Mr Crouch
Chapter Summary: 
Chapter 28 The Madness of Mr Crouch      Harry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery after breakfast on Sunday to send a letter to Percy, asking, as Sirius had suggested, whether he had seen Mr. Crouch lately.
Unwilling to go back to Gryffindor Tower and listen to Ron and Hermione snarling at each other, Harry watched Hagrid digging until the darkness swallowed him and the owls around Harry began to awake, swooshing past him into the night.
By breakfast the next day Ron's and Hermione's bad moods had burnt out, and to Harry's relief, Ron's dark predictions that the house-elves would send substandard food up to the Gryffindor table because Hermione had insulted them proved false; the bacon, eggs, and kippers were quite as good as usual.
The bell rang across the grounds for lunch; the rest of the class set off back to the castle, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione stayed behind to help Hagrid put the nifflers back in their boxes.
Hermione panted five minutes later, catching up with Harry and Ron in the entrance hall and pulling Harry's hand away from one of his wiggling ears so that he could hear her.

Chapter Number: 29
Chapter Number: The Dream
Chapter Summary: 
"That's why he was gone when Harry and Dumbledore got there.
"Just go through it again, Harry," said Hermione.
Fred and George came over the threshold, then froze at the sight of Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at one another.
Harry kept checking Ron's watch, having finally discarded his own, but Ron's was moving so slowly he could have sworn it had stopped working too.

Chapter Number: 30
Chapter Number: The Pensieve
Chapter Summary: 
Harry gazed, nonplussed, at Dumbledore, then around at the silently watchful crowd, then back at Dumbledore.
Harry looked around; Dumbledore was sitting beside him again, wearing different robes.
Harry looked up at Crouch and saw that he looked gaunter and grayer than ever before.
There was an Albus Dumbledore sitting on his right, watching Crouch's son being dragged away by the dementors - and there was an Albus Dumbledore on his left, looking right at him.
"So, Harry," said Dumbledore quietly.

Chapter Number: 31
Chapter Number: The Third Task
Chapter Summary: 
Everything Harry had seen in the Pensieve, nearly everything Dumbledore had told and shown him afterward, he had now shared with Ron and Hermione - and, of course, with Sirius, to whom Harry had sent an owl the moment he had left Dumbledore's office.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat up late in the common room once again that night, talking it all over until Harry's mind was reeling, until he understood what Dumbledore had meant about a head becoming so full of thoughts that it would have been a relief to siphon them off.
Harry and Hermione went to see.
"Let me see it," Harry said to Ron.
"S'pose so," Harry said to Ron; but just then.

Chapter Number: 32
Chapter Number: Flesh, Blood, and Bone
Chapter Summary: 
Once sure that Harry was bound so tightly to the headstone that he couldn't move an inch, Wormtail drew a length of some black material from the inside of his cloak and stuffed it roughly into Harry's mouth; then, without a word, he turned from Harry and hurried away.
Then he came back within Harry's range of vision, and Harry saw him pushing a stone cauldron to the foot of the grave.
It was full of what seemed to be water - Harry could hear it slopping around - and it was larger than any cauldron Harry had ever used; a great stone belly large enough for a full-grown man to sit in.
Harry realized what Wormtail was about to do a second before it happened - he closed his eyes as tightly as he could, but he could not block the scream that pierced the night, that went through Harry as though he had been stabbed with the dagger too.
Not until Harry felt Wormtail's anguished breath on his face did he realize that Wormtail was right in front of him.

Chapter Number: 33
Chapter Number: The Death Eaters
Chapter Summary: 
Chapter 33 The Death Eaters      Voldemort looked away from Harry and began examining his own body.
Voldemort bent down and pulled out Wormtail's left arm; he forced the sleeve of Wormtail's robes up past his elbow, and Harry saw something upon the skin there, something like a vivid red tattoo - a skull with a snake protruding from its mouth - the image that had appeared in the sky at the Quidditch World Cup: the Dark Mark.
The scar on Harry's forehead seared with a sharp pain again, and Wormtail let out a fresh howl; Voldemort removed his fingers from Wormtail's mark, and Harry saw that it had turned jet black.
The Death Eaters behind him did the same; each of them approaching Voldemort on his knees and kissing his robes, before backing away and standing up, forming a silent circle, which enclosed Tom Riddle's grave, Harry, Voldemort, and the sobbing and twitching heap that was Wormtail.
Use my Death Eater to ensure that the boy won the tournament - that he touched the Triwizard Cup first - the cup which my Death Eater had turned into a Portkey, which would bring him here, beyond the reach of Dumbledore's help and protection, and into my waiting arms.

Chapter Number: 34
Chapter Number: Priori Incantatem
Chapter Summary: 
A jet of green light issued from Voldemort's wand just as a jet of red light blasted from Harry's - they met in midair - and suddenly Harry's wand was vibrating as though an electric charge were surging through it; his hand seized up around it; he couldn't have released it if he'd wanted to - and a narrow beam of light connected the two wands, neither red nor green, but bright, deep gold.
The Death Eaters were shouting; they were asking Voldemort for instructions; they were closing in, reforming the circle around Harry and Voldemort, the snake slithering at their heels, some of them drawing their wands -    The golden thread connecting Harry and Voldemort splintered; though the wands remained connected, a thousand more beams arced high over Harry and Voldemort, crisscrossing all around them, until they were enclosed in a golden, dome-shaped web, a cage of light, beyond which the Death Eaters circled like jackals, their cries strangely muffled now.
Voldemort shrieked to the Death Eaters, and Harry saw his red eyes wide with astonishment at what was happening, saw him fighting to break the thread of light still connecting his wand with Harry's; Harry held onto his wand more tightly, with both hands, and the golden thread remained unbroken.
and Voldemort's dead victims whispered as they circled the duelers, whispered words of encouragement to Harry, and hissed words Harry couldn't hear to Voldemort.
Harry yelled; he didn't think he could have held on for another moment anyway - he pulled his wand upward with an almighty wrench, and the golden thread broke; the cage of light vanished, the phoenix song died - but the shadowy figures of Voldemort's victims did not disappear - they were closing in upon Voldemort, shielding Harry from his gaze -    And Harry ran as he had never run in his life, knocking two stunned Death Eaters aside as he passed; he zigzagged behind headstones, feeling their curses following him, hearing them hit the headstones - he was dodging curses and graves, pelting toward Cedric's body, no longer aware of the pain in his leg, his whole being concentrated on what he had to do -    "Stun him!"

Chapter Number: 35
Chapter Number: Veritaserum
Chapter Summary: 
There's a Death Eater here - they put my name in the Goblet of Fire, they made sure I got through to the end -"    Harry tried to get up, but Moody pushed him back down.
Harry, still staring at the place where Moody's face had been, saw Albus Dumbledore, Professor Snape, and Professor McGonagall looking back at him out of the Foe-Glass.
The look upon Dumbledore's face as he stared down at the unconscious form of Mad-Eye Moody was more terrible than Harry could have ever imagined.
Harry stared, thunderstruck, between the sleeping Moody in the trunk and the unconscious Moody lying on the floor of the office.
Harry did as he was told; Dumbledore covered Moody in the cloak, tucked it around him, and clambered out of the trunk again.

Chapter Number: 36
Chapter Number: The Parting of the Ways
Chapter Summary: 
Harry," said Dumbledore.
he said, looking from Harry to Dumbledore.
He too glanced at Harry, then looked back at Dumbledore, and said, "You are - er - prepared to take Harry's word on this, are you, Dumbledore?"
"Certainly, I believe Harry," said Dumbledore.
"Listen to me, Cornelius," said Dumbledore, taking a step toward Fudge, and once again, he seemed to radiate that indefinable sense of power that Harry had felt after Dumbledore had Stunned young Crouch.

Chapter Number: 37
Chapter Number: The Beginning
Chapter Summary: 
The only person apart from Ron and Hermione that Harry felt able to talk to was Hagrid.
"Knew he was goin' ter come back," said Hagrid, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up at him, shocked.
His eyes lingered on Harry for a moment as Harry looked at him.
But Harry, Ron, and Hermione kept on asking, and finally, Fred said, "All right, all right, if you really want to know.
"Harry," Fred began, but Harry pulled out his wand.


***** Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince *****

Chapter Number: 1
Chapter Number: The Other Minister
Chapter Summary: 
"But then," bleated the Prime Minister, "why hasn't a former Prime Minister warned me--?"
Before the Prime Minister could ask why he was dripping all over the Axminster, Fudge had started ranting about a prison the Prime Minister had never heard of, a man named "Serious" Black, something that sounded like "Hogwarts," and a boy called Harry Potter, none of which made the remotest sense to the Prime Minister.
Less than a year later a harassed-looking Fudge had appeared out of thin air in the cabinet room to inform the Prime Minister that there had been a spot of bother at the Kwidditch  or that was what it had sounded like  World Cup and that several Muggles had been "involved," but that the Prime Minister was not to worry, the fact that You-Know-Who's Mark had been seen again meant nothing; Fudge was sure it was an isolated incident, and the Muggle Liaison Office was dealing with all memory modifications as they spoke.
Little though he liked to think about the Minister of Magic  or, as he always called Fudge in his head, the Other Minister , the Prime Minister could not help but fear that the next time Fudge appeared it would be with graver news still.
The papers had a field day with it, Breakdown of law and order in the Prime Minister's backyard--"    "And as if all that wasn't enough," said Fudge, barely listening to the Prime Minister, "we've got dementors swarming all over the place, attacking people left, right, and center.

Chapter Number: 2
Chapter Number: Spinner's End
Chapter Summary: 
Dark as her sister was fair, with heavily lidded eyes and a strong jaw, she did not take her gaze from Snape as she moved to stand behind Narcissa.
"Hardly," said Snape, "although the Dark Lord is pleased that I never deserted my post: I had sixteen years of information on Dumbledore to give him when he returned, a rather more useful welcome-back present than endless reminiscences of how unpleasant Azkaban is.
"The Dark Lord has forbidden me to speak of it," Narcissa continued, her eyes still closed.
Snape did not look at Bellatrix.
whispered Narcissa  Snape's hand twitched within hers, but he did not draw away , "will you carry out the deed that the Dark Lord has ordered Draco to perform?"

Chapter Number: 3
Chapter Number: Will and Won't
Chapter Summary: 
"Later, Harry," said Dumbledore.
"You see," Dumbledore said, turning back to Harry and again speaking as though Uncle Vernon had not uttered, "if you have indeed inherited the house, you have also inherited--"    He flicked his wand for a fifth time.
"Kreacher belongs to Miss Bellatrix, oh yes, Kreacher belongs to the Blacks, Kreacher wants his new mistress, Kreacher won't go to the Potter brat, Kreacher won't, won't, won't --"    "As you can see, Harry," said Dumbledore loudly, over Kreacher's continued croaks of "wont, won't, won't," "Kreacher is showing a certain reluctance to pass into your ownership. "
"Won't, won't, won't, won't--"    Harry stared at Dumbledore.
"Bye," said Harry hastily to the Dursleys, and followed Dumbledore, who paused beside Harry's trunk, upon which Hedwig's cage was perched.

Chapter Number: 4
Chapter Number: Horace Slughorn
Chapter Summary: 
"So tell me, Harry," said Dumbledore.
Harry was too busy digesting the horrible idea of Inferi to have much attention left for anything else, but as they reached the front gate, Dumbledore stopped dead and Harry walked into him.
Harry chuckled and both Dumbledore and Slughorn looked round at him.
Harry had been sure Slughorn would be one of those wizards who could not bear to hear Voldemort's name spoken aloud, and was not disappointed: Slughorn gave a shudder and a squawk of protest, which Harry ignored.
"Well done, Harry," said Dumbledore.

Chapter Number: 5
Chapter Number: An Excess of Phlegm
Chapter Summary: 
Harry recognized it at once: it had nine hands, each inscribed with the name of a family member, and usually hung on the Weasleys' sitting room wall, though its current position suggested that Mrs. Weasley had taken to carrying it around the house with her.
"G'night, Harry," said Mr. Weasley.
Harry was astonished to hear Hermione talking about Mrs. Weasley like this and could not blame Ron for saying angrily, "Can't you two lay off her for five seconds?"
"Stop calling her that, Ginny," said Mrs. Weasley sharply, as Harry and Hermione laughed.
"Harry, oh, Harry.

Chapter Number: 6
Chapter Number: Draco's Detour
Chapter Summary: 
He spent most of his days playing two-a-side Quidditch in the Weasleys' orchard  he and Hermione against Ron and Ginny; Hermione was dreadful and Ginny good, so they were reasonably well matched  and his evenings eating triple helpings of everything Mrs. Weasley put in front of him.
Mrs. Weasley did not look entirely convinced, but allowed the separation, scurrying off toward Flourish and Blotts with her husband and Ginny while Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Hagrid set off for Madam Malkin's.
Harry noticed that many of the people who passed them had the same harried, anxious look as Mrs. Weasley, and that nobody was stopping to talk anymore; the shoppers stayed together in their own tightly knit groups, moving intently about their business.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged looks, but before they could disabuse Hagrid of this comfortable notion, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny appeared, all clutching heavy packages of books.
Mrs. Weasley moved aside to look at the Pygmy Puffs, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione momentarily had an unimpeded view out of the window.

Chapter Number: 7
Chapter Number: The Slug Club
Chapter Summary: 
"Harry?"
"I'm not sure, Harry.
Neville's childhood had been blighted by Voldemort just as much as Harry's had, but Neville had no idea how close he had come to having Harry's destiny.
"I'm supposed to deliver these to Neville Longbottom and Harry P-Potter," she faltered, as her eyes met Harry's and she turned scarlet.
Harry seized the door and pushed it open, hard; Zabini, still clinging on to the handle, toppled over sideways into Gregory Goyle's lap, and in the ensuing ruckus, Harry darted into the compartment, leapt onto Zabini's temporarily empty seat, and hoisted himself up into the luggage rack.

Chapter Number: 8
Chapter Number: Snape Victorious
Chapter Summary: 
Whatever Dumbledore said, Harry had had time to think over the summer, and had concluded that Snape's snide remarks to Sirius about remaining safely hidden while the rest of the Order of the Phoenix were off fighting Voldemort had probably been a powerful factor in Sirius rushing off to the Ministry the night that he had died.
It was all a shimmering blur to Harry, however, who walked so fast that he was passing the Hufflepuff table before people really started to stare, and by the time they were standing up to get a good look at him, he had spotted Ron and Hermione, sped along the benches toward them, and forced his way in between them.
Having always considered her a bit of a fraud, Harry had been shocked to discover at the end of the previous term that it had been she who had made the prediction that caused Lord Voldemort to kill Harry's parents and attack Harry himself.
said Harry.
"Harry!"

Chapter Number: 9
Chapter Number: The Half-Blood Prince
Chapter Summary: 
The distribution of class schedules was more complicated than usual this year, for Professor McGonagall needed first to confirm that everybody had achieved the necessary O. W. L. grades to continue with their chosen N. E. W. T. s.     Hermione was immediately cleared to continue with Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Transfiguration, Herbology, Arithmancy, Ancient Runes, and Potions, and shot off to a first period Ancient Runes class without further ado.
Typically, ten minutes into the lesson Hermione managed to repel Neville's muttered Jelly-Legs Jinx without uttering a single word, a feat that would surely have earned her twenty points for Gryffindor from any reasonable teacher, thought Harry bitterly, but which Snape ignored.
"Harry," Ernie said portentously, holding out his hand as Harry approached, "didn't get a chance to speak in Defense Against The Dark Arts this morning.
Harry saw Malfoy lean close to Nott and whisper something; both of them sniggered, but Slughorn showed no dismay; on the contrary, he beamed and looked from Hermione to Harry, who was sitting next to her.
At last he reached the table where Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ernie were sitting.

Chapter Number: 10
Chapter Number: The House of Gaunt
Chapter Summary: 
Although Harry had offered to share his book with both of them, Ron had more difficulty deciphering the handwriting than Harry did, and could not keep asking Harry to read aloud or it might look suspicious.
Harry thought Ogden was being extremely dim; the stranger was making himself very clear in Harry's opinion, particularly as he was brandishing a wand in one hand and a short and rather bloody knife in the other.
"That's neither here nor there," said Ogden coldly, and Harry felt his respect for Ogden rise.
"Well, Mr. Gaunt," said Ogden, "to get straight to the point, we have reason to believe that your son, Morfin, performed magic in front of a Muggle late last night. "
For a moment, Harry thought Gaunt was making an obscene hand gesture, but then realized that he was showing Ogden the ugly, black-stoned ring he was wearing on his middle finger, waving it before Ogden's eyes.

Chapter Number: 11
Chapter Number: Hermione's Helping Hand
Chapter Summary: 
One result of their enormous workload and the frantic hours of practicing non-verbal spells was that Harry, Ron, and Hermione had so far been unable to find time to go and visit Hagrid.
Harry resisted the temptation to laugh, remembering that Ron had refrained from doing so after Malfoy had broken Harry's nose; Hermione, however, looked cold and distant all the way down to the stadium through the cool, misty drizzle, and departed to find a place in the stands without wishing Ron good luck.
After fixing the time of their first full practice for the following Thursday, Harry, Ron, and Hermione bade goodbye to the rest of the team and headed off toward Hagrid's.
said Hagrid grumpily, as Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down around his enormous wooden table, Fang laying his head immediately upon Harry's knee and drooling all over his robes.
"Nothing," said Harry and Hermione together, and they hurried after Ron.

Chapter Number: 12
Chapter Number: Silver and Opals
Chapter Summary: 
Glad that Hermione had changed the subject, Harry showed much more interest in the new extra-large Sugar Quills than he would normally have done, but Ron continued to look moody and merely shrugged when Hermione asked him where he wanted to go next.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione rushed forward to help, but even as they grabbed Katie's legs, she fell on top of them; Harry and Ron managed to catch her but she was writhing so much they could hardly hold her.
Professor McGonagall closed the door and swept around her desk to face Harry, Ron, Hermione, and the still sobbing Leanne.
When she had left the room, Professor McGonagall turned back to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
"No, Professor, he told Borgin to keep it in the shop for him --"    "But Harry," Hermione interrupted, "Borgin asked him if he wanted to take it with him, and Malfoy said no --"    "Because he didn't want to touch it, obviously!"

Chapter Number: 13
Chapter Number: The Secret Riddle
Chapter Summary: 
Harry had wondered whether Dumbledore would return from wherever he had been in time for Monday night's lesson, but having had no word to the contrary, he presented himself outside Dumbledore's office at eight o'clock, knocked, and was told to enter.
"I would rather not say just now," said Dumbledore.
"Yes," said Dumbledore.
"Definitely," said Dumbledore.
"Nothing," said Dumbledore.

Chapter Number: 14
Chapter Number: Felix Felicis
Chapter Summary: 
One tangled itself in Hermione's hair, and Ron beat it back with a pair of secateurs; Harry succeeded in trapping a couple of vines and knotting them together; a hole opened in the middle of all the tentacle-like branches; Hermione plunged her arm bravely into this hole, which closed like a trap around her elbow; Harry and Ron tugged and wrenched at the vines, forcing the hole to open again, and Hermione snatched her arm free, clutching in her fingers a pod just like Neville's.
You --    A streak of orange light flew under Harry's left arm and missed Ginny by inches; Harry pushed Ron up against the wall.
Harry awoke next morning feeling slightly dazed and confused by a series of dreams in which Ron had chased him with a Beater's bat, but by midday he would have happily exchanged the dream Ron for the real one, who was not only cold-shouldering Ginny and Dean, but also treating a hurt and bewildered Hermione with an icy, sneering indifference.
Harry spent the day attempting to keep the peace between Ron and Hermione with no success; finally, Hermione departed for bed in high dudgeon, and Ron stalked off to the boys' dormitory after swearing angrily at several frightened first-years for looking at him.
Harry persisted in the common room that evening, but his assertion that the whole team would be devastated if Ron left was somewhat undermined by the fact that the rest of the team was sitting in a huddle in a distant corner, clearly muttering about Ron and casting him nasty looks.

Chapter Number: 15
Chapter Number: The Unbreakable Vow
Chapter Summary: 
Firstly, Harry had to put up with the frequent presence of Lavender Brown, who seemed to regard any moment that she was not kissing Ron as a moment wasted; and secondly, Harry found himself once more the best friend of two people who seemed unlikely ever to speak to each other again.
Hermione's schedule was so full that Harry could only talk to her properly in the evenings, when Ron was, in any case, so tightly wrapped around Lavender that he did not notice what Harry was doing.
Hermione laughed unkindly at Ron's disastrous first attempt, during which he somehow managed to give himself a spectacular handlebar mustache; Ron retaliated by doing a cruel but accurate impression of Hermione jumping up and down in her seat every time Professor McGonagall asked a question, which Lavender and Parvati found deeply amusing and which reduced Hermione to the verge of tears again.
"Hi, Harry," said Parvati who, like Harry, looked faintly embarrassed and bored by the behavior of their two friends.
Gripping Harry's arm so tightly he might have been hoping to Disapparate with him, Slughorn led him purposefully into the party; Harry seized Luna's hand and dragged her along with him.

Chapter Number: 16
Chapter Number: A Very Frosty Christmas
Chapter Summary: 
said Harry.
"Yes, I'm sure," said Harry.
"I couldn't," said Harry.
He looked into Harry's face and then said quietly, "James was a pure-blood, Harry, and I promise you, he never asked us to call him 'Prince. '"
Harry and Ron climbed all the way up to Ron's attic bedroom, where a camp bed had been added for Harry.

Chapter Number: 17
Chapter Number: A Sluggish Memory
Chapter Summary: 
"Harry!
"And so have you, Harry!"
"Yes," said Harry.
When Harry had finished he did not speak for a few moments, then said, "Thank you for telling me this, Harry, but I suggest that you put it out of your mind.
said Harry at once.

Chapter Number: 18
Chapter Number: Birthday Surprises
Chapter Summary: 
Chapter 18 Birthday Surprises      The next day Harry confided in both Ron and Hermione the task that Dumbledore had set him, though separately, for Hermione still refused to remain in Ron's presence longer than it took to give him a contemptuous look.
Ron thought that Harry was unlikely to have any trouble with Slughorn at all.
Hermione had left her stool and was halfway towards Siughorn's desk before the rest of the class had realised it was time to move, and by the time Harry, Ron and Ernie returned to the table, she had already tipped the contents of her phial into her cauldron and was kindling a fire underneath it.
Harry could not help wondering whether this meant that Slughorn was not quite as forgetful as he appeared, simply determined to give Harry no additional opportunities to question him.
Harry glanced quickly at Snape, who also looked annoyed, though Harry strongly suspected that this was less because of Malfoy's rudeness than the fact that McGonagall had reprimanded one of his house.     "

Chapter Number: 19
Chapter Number: Elf Tails
Chapter Summary: 
Harry could not think of any reply to this and was almost glad when Madam Pomfrey reminded them that there were only supposed to be six visitors around Ron's bed; he and Hermione rose at once to leave and Hagrid decided to go with them, leaving Ron with his family.
Was it because Dumbledore did not want Harry to do anything foolish, to take matters into his own hands, that he had pretended there was nothing in Harry's suspicions?
McLaggen kept up a constant stream of hints that he would make a better permanent Keeper for the team than Ron, and that now that Harry was seeing him play regularly he would surely come around to this way of thinking too; he was also keen to criticize the other players and provide Harry with detailed training schemes, so that more than once Harry was forced to remind him who was Captain.
Meanwhile, Lavender kept sidling up to Harry to discuss Ron, which Harry found almost more wearing than McLaggen's Quidditch lectures.
Harry asked, after a particularly long interrogation from Lavender that took in everything from precisely what Ron had said about her new dress robes to whether or not Harry thought that Ron considered his relationship with Lavender to be "serious. "

Chapter Number: 20
Chapter Number: Lord Voldemort's Request
Chapter Summary: 
What with Apparition lessons and Quidditch and Ron being poisoned and getting his skull cracked and his determination to find out what Draco Malfoy was up to, Harry had almost forgotten about the memory Dumbledore had asked him to extract from Professor Slughorn.
"I see," said Dumbledore eventually, peering at Harry over the top of his half-moon spectacles and giving Harry the usual sensation that he was being X-rayed.
The idea that Dumbledore valued his opinion this highly made Harry feel even more deeply ashamed that he had failed in the task of retrieving the Horcrux memory, and he shifted guiltily in his seat as Dumbledore raised the first of the two bottles to the light and examined it.
"Time to leave, Harry," said Dumbledore quietly, and as the little elf bobbed away bearing the boxes, Dumbledore grasped Harry once again above the elbow and together they rose up through oblivion and back to Dumbledore's office.
Nevertheless, Harry felt the atmosphere in the room change subtly: Dumbledore's refusal to use Voldemort's chosen name was a refusal to allow Voldemort to dictate the terms of the meeting, and Harry could tell that Voldemort took it as such.

Chapter Number: 21
Chapter Number: The Unknowable Room
Chapter Summary: 
said Harry enthusiastically, turning to Ron and Hermione the moment the room was elf-free again.
He lay awake for what felt like hours, wondering how Malfoy was using the Room of Requirement and what he, Harry, would see when he went in there the following day, for whatever Hermione said, Harry was sure that if Malfoy had been able to see the headquarters of the D. A. , he would be able to see Malfoy's .
Hermione set off immediately for Ancient Runes; Ron for the common room, where he still had to finish his conclusion on Snape's Dementor essay, and Harry for the corridor on the seventh floor and the stretch of wall opposite the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy teaching trolls to do ballet.
"I thought Snape and Mundungus were on the same side," muttered Harry to Ron and Hermione.
When the bell sounded at the end of the lesson, Lavender caught up with Ron and Harry  Hermione mysteriously melted out of sight as she approached  and abused Snape hotly for his jibe about Ron's Apparition, but this seemed to merely irritate Ron, and he shook her off by making a detour into the boys' bathroom with Harry.

Chapter Number: 22
Chapter Number: After the Burial
Chapter Summary: 
Dear Harry, Ron and Hermione,    Aragog died last night.
Cheered by this thought, Harry skimmed through his copy of Advanced Potion-Making and found a heavily corrected Half-Blood Prince's version of An Elixir to Induce Euphoria, which seemed not only to meet Slughorn's instructions, but which might  Harry's heart leapt as the thought struck him  put Slughorn into such a good mood that he would be prepared to hand over that memory if Harry could persuade him to taste some.
"Sir," Harry began, but Slughorn immediately glanced over his shoulder; when he saw that the room was empty but for himself and Harry, he hurried away as fast as he could.
As they had only just seen Slughorn enter the Great Hall and knew that he liked to take time over meals, they lingered for a while in the common room, the plan being that Harry should go to Slughorn s office once the teacher had had time to get back there.
Harry had not yet managed to bring off the Refilling Charm without saying the incantation aloud, but the idea that he might not be able to do it tonight was laughable: indeed, Harry grinned to himself as, unnoticed by either Hagrid or Slughorn  now swapping tales of the illegal trade in dragon eggs  he pointed his wand under the table at the emptying bottles and they immediately began to refill.

Chapter Number: 23
Chapter Number: Horcruxes
Chapter Summary: 
"You heard Voldemort, what he particularly wanted from Horace was an opinion on what would happen to the wizard who created more than one Horcrux, what would happen to the wizard so determined to evade death that he would be prepared to murder many times, rip his soul repeatedly, so as to store it in many, separately concealed Horcruxes.
Harry sat in thought for a moment, then asked, "So if all of his Horcruxes are destroyed, Voldemort could be killed?"
"Yes, Harry, you can love," said Dumbledore, who looked as though he knew perfectly well what Harry had just refrained from saying.
"But," said Harry, bewildered, "but last year, you said one of us would have to kill the other --"    "Harry, Harry, only because Voldemort made a grave error, and acted on Professor Trelawney's words!
It is Voldemort's fault that you were able to see into his thoughts, his ambitions, that you even understand the snakelike language in which he gives orders, and yet, Harry, despite your privileged insight into Voldemort's world  which, incidentally, is a gift any Death Eater would kill to have , you have never been seduced by the Dark Arts, never, even for a second, shown the slightest desire to become one of Voldemort's followers!"

Chapter Number: 24
Chapter Number: Sectumsempra
Chapter Summary: 
He took the blow stoically enough when Harry told him, merely grunting and shrugging, but Harry had the distinct feeling as he walked away that Dean and Seamus were muttering mutinously behind his back.
Sometimes he thought that the post-Lavender Ron might not mind too much if he asked Ginny out, but then he remembered Ron's expression when he had seen her kissing Dean, and was sure that Ron would consider it base treachery if Harry so much as held her hand.
Malfoy's hex missed Harry by inches, shattering the lamp on the wall beside him; Harry threw himself sideways, thought Levicorpus!
There was a loud bang and the bin behind Harry exploded; Harry attempted a Leg-Locker Curse that backfired off the wall behind Malfoy's ear and smashed the cistern beneath Moaning Myrtle, who screamed loudly; water poured everywhere and Harry slipped as Malfoy, his face contorted, cried, "Cruci --"    "SECTUMSEMPRA!"
By Saturday morning, whatever he might have told Hermione, Harry would have gladly exchanged all the Felix Felicis in the world to be walking down to the Quidditch pitch with Ron, Ginny, and the others.

Chapter Number: 25
Chapter Number: The Seer Overheard
Chapter Summary: 
Harry ignored them.
"I think you'd better tell Professor Dumbledore," said Harry.
"Right," said Harry again.
"I'm going to see him right now," said Harry.
This seemed to show on Harry's face, for Dumbledore moved away from the window, and looked more closely at Harry, a slight crease between his silver eyebrows.

Chapter Number: 26
Chapter Number: The Cave
Chapter Summary: 
"Aha," said Dumbledore, and he stopped again; this time, Harry really did walk into him; for a moment he toppled on the edge of the dark water, and Dumbledore's uninjured hand closed tightly around his upper arm, pulling him back.
"Out of the way, please, Harry," said Dumbledore.
Harry remained silent while Dumbledore worked, but after a while Dumbledore withdrew his wand, and Harry felt it was safe to talk again.
"Sir," said Harry, trying to keep his voice reasonable, "sir, this is Voldemort we're --"    "I'm sorry, Harry; I should have said, he would not want to immediately kill the person who reached this island," Dumbledore corrected himself.
He supported Dumbledore's shoulders and again, Dumbledore drained the glass; then Harry was on his feet once more, refilling the goblet as Dumbledore began to scream in more anguish than ever, "I want to die!

Chapter Number: 27
Chapter Number: The Lightning Struck Tower
Chapter Summary: 
As they sped towards the castle, Harry glanced sideways at Dumbledore, ready to grab him should he fall, but the sight of the Dark Mark seemed to have acted upon Dumbledore like a stimulant: he was bent low over his broom, his eyes fixed upon the Mark, his long silver hair and beard flying behind him in the night air.
Harry stood imprisoned within his own invisible, paralysed body, staring at the two of them, his ears straining to hear sounds of the Death Eaters' distant fight, and in front of him, Draco Malfoy did nothing but stare at Albus Dumbledore who, incredibly, smiled.
There was a bang and shouts from below, louder than ever; it sounded as though people were fighting on the actual spiral staircase that led to where Dumbledore, Malfoy and Harry stood, and Harry's heart thundered unheard in his invisible chest .
"Dumbledore wandless, Dumbledore alone!
Harry's heart was hammering so hard it seemed impossible that nobody could hear him standing there, imprisoned by Dumbledore's spell--if he could only move, he could aim a curse from under the Cloak--    "Draco, do it, or stand aside so one of us--" screeched the woman, but at that precise moment the door to the ramparts burst open once more and there stood Snape, his wand clutched in his hand as his black eyes swept the scene, from Dumbledore slumped against the wall, to the four Death Eaters, including the enraged werewolf, and Malfoy.

Chapter Number: 28
Chapter Number: Flight of the Prince
Chapter Summary: 
He was on top of Harry before Harry could raise his wand: Harry fell backward, with filthy matted hair in his face, the stench of sweat and blood filling his nose and mouth, hot greedy breath at his throat--    "Petrificus Totalus!"
He did not know what it was but continued to run, not yet near enough to get a good aim with a curse--    Another flash, shouts, retaliatory jets of light, and Harry understood: Hagrid had emerged from his cabin and was trying to stop the Death Eaters escaping, and though every breath seemed to shred his lungs and the stitch in his chest was like fire, Harry sped up as an unbidden voice in his head said: not Hagrid.
"Cruc--"    But Snape parried the curse, knocking Harry backward off his feet before he could complete it; Harry rolled over and scrambled back up again as the huge Death Eater behind him yelled, "Incendio!"
As Harry raised himself into a sitting position, his head still swimming from its last contact with the ground, he saw Snape running as hard as he could, the enormous beast flapping behind him and screeching as Harry had never heard him screech--    Harry struggled to his feet, looking around groggily for his wand, hoping to give chase again, but even as his fingers fumbled in the grass, discarding twigs, he knew it would be too late, and sure enough, by the time he had located his wand, he turned only to see the hippogriff circling the gates.
Hagrid put his hands under Harry's arms and raised him up with such force that Harry's feet momentarily left the ground before Hagrid set him upright again.

Chapter Number: 29
Chapter Number: The Phoenix Lament
Chapter Summary: 
Lupin looked wildly from Ginny to Harry, as though hoping the latter might contradict her, but when Harry did nor, Lupin collapsed into a chair beside Bill's bed, his hands over his face.
He says Professor Snape was involved in some--"    "Snape killed Dumbledore," said Harry.
"We thought they were being chased by the Death Eaters--and next thing, the other Death Eaters and Greyback were back and we were fighting again--I thought I heard Snape shout something, but I don't know what--"    "He shouted, 'It's over,'" said Harry.
Harry stood up, murmured "See you in a bit" to Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, and followed Professor McGonagall back down the ward.
"Potter"--Harry registered the renewed use of his surname--"in the light of Professor Dumbledore's death, I think you must see that the situation has changed somewhat--"    "I don't think so," said Harry, shrugging.

Chapter Number: 30
Chapter Number: The White Tomb
Chapter Summary: 
This mantra seemed to pulse through Harry's mind as he fell asleep at night, and his dreams were thick with cups, lockets and mysterious objects that he could not quite reach, though Dumbledore helpfully offered Harry a rope ladder that turned to snakes the moment he began to climb .
Harry avoided his yellowish eyes as they scanned the Hall; Harry had the uncomfortable feeling that Scrimgeour was looking for him.
It had little to do with Dumbledore as Harry had known him.
Harry looked at Ginny, Ron and Hermione: Ron's face was screwed up as though the sunlight was blinding him.
Ron and Hermione were hurrying towards Harry, passing Scrimgeour going in the opposite direction; Harry turned and walked slowly on, waiting for them to catch up, which they finally did in the shade of a beech tree under which they had sat in happier times.


***** Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix *****

Chapter Number: 1
Chapter Number: Dudley Demented
Chapter Summary: 
For a few seconds they struggled, Harry pulling at his uncle's sausage-like fingers with his left hand, his right maintaining a firm grip on his raised wand; then, as the pain in the top of Harry's head gave a particularly nasty throb, Uncle Vernon yelped and released Harry as though he had received an electric shock.
breathed Aunt Petunia, and Uncle Vernon lowered his voice so that Harry could barely hear him,'--that your lot don't get on our news!'
'The noble sport', as Uncle Vernon called it, had made Dudley even more formidable than he had seemed to Harry in their primary school days when he had served as Dudley's first punchball.
Uncle Vernon had threatened to lock Harry in the shed if he came home after Dudley ever again, so, stifling a yawn, and still scowling, Harry set off toward the park gate.
Harry could feel fourteen years' hatred of Dudley pounding in his veins--what wouldn't he give to strike now, to jinx Dudley so thoroughly he'd have to crawl home like an insect, struck dumb, sprouting feelers--    'Don't ever talk about that again,' Harry snarled.

Chapter Number: 2
Chapter Number: A Peck of Owls
Chapter Summary: 
Harry said sharply, as Aunt Petunia let out a wail and Uncle Vernon raised his fists.
Aunt Petunia screamed, Uncle Vernon yelled and ducked, but for the third time that night Harry was searching for the source of a disturbance he had not made.
'That wasn't me--'    'Was,' muttered Dudley unexpectedly, and Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia instantly made flapping gestures at Harry to quieten him while they both bent low over Dudley.
Uncle Vernon looked from Aunt Petunia to Dudley to Harry as if hoping somebody was going to shout 'April Fool!'
The furious pretence that Aunt Petunia had maintained all Harry's life--that there was no magic and no world other than the world she inhabited with Uncle Vernon--seemed to have fallen away.

Chapter Number: 3
Chapter Number: The Advance Guard
Chapter Summary: 
'Get going, then,' said Harry.
'Wotcher, Harry!'
'Not The Burrow, no,' said Lupin, motioning Harry towards the kitchen; the little knot of wizards followed, all still eyeing Harry curiously.
said Harry.
He took Harry by the arm and led him from the patch of grass, across the road and on to the pavement; Lupin and Tonks followed, carrying Harry's trunk between them, the rest of the guard, all with their wands out, flanking them.

Chapter Number: 4
Chapter Number: Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place
Chapter Summary: 
Ron, he's here, Harry's here!
When we heard--and that Ministry hearing--it's just outrageous, I've looked it all up, they can't expel you, they just can't, there's provision in the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery for the use of magic in life-threatening situations--'    'Let him breathe, Hermione,' said Ron, grinning as he closed the door behind Harry.
Still beaming, Hermione let go of Harry, but before she could say another word there was a soft whooshing sound and something white soared from the top of a dark wardrobe and landed gently on Harry's shoulder.
said Harry furiously, and both Ron and Hermione winced.
he muttered, but Ron shook his head, and Hermione said quietly, 'We knew you'd be angry, Harry, we really don't blame you, but you've got to understand, we did try to persuade Dumbledore--'    'Yeah, I know,' said Harry grudgingly.

Chapter Number: 5
Chapter Number: The Order of the Phoenix
Chapter Summary: 
'Sit down, Harry' said Sirius.
'See, I wouldn't 'ave left,' said Mundungus, leaning forward, a pleading note in his voice, 'but I 'ad a business opportunity--'    Harry felt something brush against his knees and started, but it was only Crookshanks, Hermione's bandy-legged ginger cat, who wound himself once around Harry's legs, purring, then jumped on to Sirius's lap and curled up.
There was something about the slightly flattened tone of voice in which Sirius uttered Dumbledore's name that told Harry that Sirius, too, was not very happy with the headmaster eithe.
I'll just say this: Dumbledore must have had his reasons for not wanting Harry to know too much, and speaking as someone who has Harry's best interests at heart--'    'He's not your son,' said Sirius quietly.
said Harry, looking around at Mr. Weasley, Sirius, Bill, Mundungus, Lupin and Tonks.

Chapter Number: 6
Chapter Number: The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black
Chapter Summary: 
'Yeah, well, it's harder in the dark--'    Harry saw the blurred outlines of Fred and George leaping down from Ron's bed.
said Harry.
'Cover your faces and take a spray,' Mrs. Weasley said to Harry and Ron the moment she saw them, pointing to two more bottles of black liquid standing on a spindle-legged table.
Feeling Mrs Weasley's eyes on the back of his head, Harry regretfully closed the drawing-room door and rejoined the doxy party.
'Kreacher would never move anything from its proper place in Master's house,' said the elf, then muttered very fast, 'Mistress would never forgive Kreacher if the tapestry was thrown out, seven centuries it's been in the family, Kreacher must save it, Kreacher will not let Master and the blood traitors and the brats destroy it--'    'I thought it might be that,' said Sirius, casting a disdainful look at the opposite wall.

Chapter Number: 7
Chapter Number: The Ministry of Magic
Chapter Summary: 
said Mr. Weasley blankly, and for one heart-stopping moment Harry thought they had got off at the wrong station despite Mr. Weasley's continual references to the map; but a second later he said, 'Ah yes .
The door of the telephone box sprang open and Mr. Weasley stepped out of it, followed by Harry, whose mouth had fallen open.
With a great jangling and clattering a lift descended in front of them; the golden grille slid back and Harry and Mr. Weasley stepped into the lift with the rest of the crowd and Harry found himself jammed against the back wall.
'This is us, Harry,' said Mr. Weasley, and they followed the witch out of the lift into a corridor lined with doors.
'Quick, Harry,' said Mr. Weasley as the lift doors rattled open, and they sped up a corridor that was quite different from those above.

Chapter Number: 8
Chapter Number: The Hearing
Chapter Summary: 
'Disciplinary hearing of the twelfth of August,' said Fudge in a ringing voice, and Percy began taking notes at once, 'into offences committed under the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery and the International Statute of Secrecy by Harry James Potter, resident at number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey.
He wanted to catch Dumbledore's eye, but Dumbledore was not looking his way; he was continuing to look up at the obviously flustered Fudge.
'No--Weasley, you go,' Fudge barked at Percy, who got up at once, ran down the stone steps from the judge's balcony and hurried past Dumbledore and Harry without glancing at them.
'If it is true that the dementors are taking orders only from the Ministry of Magic, and it is also true that two dementors attacked Harry and his cousin a week ago, then it follows logically that somebody at the Ministry might have ordered the attacks,' said Dumbledore politely.
Harry glanced sideways at Dumbledore, seeking reassurance; he was not at all sure that Dumbledore was right in telling the Wizengamot, in effect, that it was about time they made a decision.

Chapter Number: 9
Chapter Number: The Woes of Mrs Weasley
Chapter Summary: 
Fudge acted as though Mr. Weasley and Harry were part of the wall, but again, the witch looked almost appraisingly at Harry as she passed.
said Harry and Ron together, but Hermione merely shrugged.
Well, Ron and Hermione were with me most of the time, said the voice in Harry's head.
Was he, Harry, Ron's best friend in the world, going to sulk because he didn't have a badge, laugh with the twins behind Ron's back, ruin this for Ron when, for the first time, he had beaten Harry at something?
'I thought we'd have a little party not a sit-down dinner,' she told Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny as they entered the room.

Chapter Number: 10
Chapter Number: Luna Lovegood
Chapter Summary: 
said Harry.
'You too, Harry.
For one brief moment, the great black dog reared on to its hind legs and placed its front paws on Harry's shoulders, but Mrs. Weasley shoved Harry away towards the train door, hissing, 'For heaven's sake, act more like a dog, Sirius!'
Harry called out of the open window as the train began to move, while Ron, Hermione, and Ginny waved beside him.
'Oh,' said Harry.

Chapter Number: 11
Chapter Number: The Sorting Hat's New Song
Chapter Summary: 
The moment they reached Gryffindor's, Ginny was hailed by some fellow fourth-years and left to sit with them; Harry, Ron, Hermione and Neville found seats together about halfway down the table between Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor house ghost, and Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown, the last two of whom gave Harry airy, overly-friendly greetings that made him quite sure they had stopped talking about him a split second before.
Harry did not understand what she was talking about but did not ask; his attention had been caught by Professor Grubbly-Plank who had just appeared behind the staff table; she worked her way along to the very end and took the seat that ought to have been Hagrid's.
Harry, Ron and Hermione exchanged smirks.
There was a round of polite but fairly unenthusiastic applause, during which Harry, Ron and Hermione exchanged slightly panicked looks; Dumbledore had not said for how long Grubbly-Plank would be teaching.
Professor McGonagall's dark eyebrows had contracted so that she looked positively hawklike, and Harry distinctly saw her exchange a significant glance with Professor Sprout as Umbridge gave another little 'hem, hem' and went on with her speech.

Chapter Number: 12
Chapter Number: Professor Umbridge
Chapter Summary: 
Neville and Ron both gave Harry an it's-his-problem-not-yours look, but Harry was not much consoled.
'Seamus reckons Harry's lying about You-Know-Who,' said Ron succinctly, when Harry did not respond.
said both Harry and Ron together.
said Hermione, looking from Harry to Ron.
At the table next to Harry and Ron, Dean had paired up with Neville, who immediately embarked on a long-winded explanation of a nightmare involving a pair of giant scissors wearing his grandmother's best hat; Harry and Ron merely looked at each other glumly.

Chapter Number: 13
Chapter Number: Detention with Dolores
Chapter Summary: 
'The thing is, Harry, I'm not sure they did,' said Hermione grimly.
Crookshanks uncoiled himself from an armchair and trotted to meet them, purring loudly, and when Harry, Ron and Hermione took their three favourite chairs at the fireside he leapt lightly on to Hermione's lap and curled up there like a furry ginger cushion.
She wrenched her bag open; Harry thought she was about to put her books away, but instead she pulled out two misshapen woolly objects, placed them carefully on a table by the fireplace, covered them with a few screwed-up bits of parchment and a broken quill and stood back to admire the effect.
Ernie's words had certainly wiped the smile from Lavender Browns face and as he turned to talk to Ron and Hermione, Harry caught Seamus's expression, which looked both confused and defiant.
Harry said to Ron and Hermione as they entered the Great Hall.

Chapter Number: 14
Chapter Number: Percy and Padfoot
Chapter Summary: 
said Ron, eyeing Harry in surprise.
They collected balls from the cupboard in the changing room and set to work, Ron guarding the three tall goalposts, Harry playing Chaser and trying to get the Quaffle past Ron.
Harry thought Ron was pretty good; he blocked three-quarters of the goals Harry attempted to put past him and played better the longer they practised.
Angelina raised the Quaffle with one hand and threw it hard to Fred, who passed to George, who passed to Harry, who passed to Ron, who dropped it.
Harry and Ron both looked over.

Chapter Number: 15
Chapter Number: The Hogwarts High Inquisitor
Chapter Summary: 
Professor Umbridge was making another note on her clipboard and Professor Trelawney was looking extremely put out.
Harry and Ron told Hermione, who had been in Arithmancy, exactly what had happened in Divination while they all took out their copies of Defensive Magical Theory, but before Hermione could ask any questions Professor Umbridge had called them all to order and silence fell.
'From Professor Umbridge,' muttered Harry, not meeting Professor McGonagall's beady, square-framed eyes.
'I was just wondering, Professor, whether you received my note telling you of the date and time of your inspec--'    'Obviously I received it, or I would have asked you what you are doing in my classroom,' said Professor McGonagall, turning her back firmly on Professor Umbridge.
Professor Umbridge did not follow Professor McGonagall around the class as she had followed Professor Trelawney; perhaps she realised Professor McGonagall would not permit it.

Chapter Number: 16
Chapter Number: In the Hog's Head
Chapter Summary: 
When Harry continued to look worried, Hermione said, 'Listen, Ron and I have been sounding out people who we thought might want to learn some proper Defence Against the Dark Arts, and there are a couple who seem interested.
Harry, Ron and Hermione retreated to the furthest table from the bar and sat down, looking around.
First came Neville with Dean and Lavender, who were closely followed by Parvati and Padma Patil with  Harry's stomach did a back-flip  Cho and one of her usually-giggling girlfriends, then  on her own and looking so dreamy she might have walked in by accident  Luna Lovegood; then Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet and Angelina Johnson, Colin and Dennis Creevey Ernie Macmillan, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff girl with a long plait clown her back whose name Harry did not know; three Ravenclaw boys he was pretty sure were called Anthony Goldstein, Michael Corner and Terry Boot, Ginny, closely followed by a tall skinny blond boy with an upturned nose whom Harry recognised vaguely as being a member of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team and, bringing up the rear, Fred and George Weasley with their friend Lee Jordan, all three of whom were carrying large paper bags crammed with Zonko's merchandise.
well, Harry here had the idea--I mean'  Harry had thrown her a sharp look  'I had the idea--that it might be good if people who wanted to study Defence Against the Dark Arts--and I mean, really study it, you know, not the rubbish that Umbridge is doing with us-- ' Hermione's voice became suddenly much stronger and more confident  '-- because nobody could call that Defence Against the Dark Arts--'  'Hear, hear,' said Anthony Goldstein, and Hermione looked heartened  '--Well, I thought it would be good if we, well, took matters into our own hands. '
'Look,' said Hermione, intervening swiftly, 'that's really not what this meeting was supposed to be about--'    'It's OK, Hermione,' said Harry.

Chapter Number: 17
Chapter Number: Educational Decree Number Twenty-four
Chapter Summary: 
They were all looking at Harry.
said Harry.
'Yes,' said Harry, lifting Hedwig carefully off his shoulder, 'she turned up after the other post owls and her wing's all funny, look--'    Professor Grubbly-Plank stuck her pipe firmly between her teeth and took Hedwig from Harry while Professor McGonagall watched.
said Harry, looking from Ron to Hermione and back again.
There will be--'    '--no need to talk,' Harry, Ron and Hermione said together, under their breaths.

Chapter Number: 18
Chapter Number: Dumbledore's Army
Chapter Summary: 
said Ron and Harry together.
said Harry and Ron together.
Then he said very seriously, his ears drooping, 'Dobby wishes he could help Harry Potter, for Harry Potter set Dobby free and Dobby is much, much happier now. '
'Any time, Harry Potter, sir,' said Dobby, looking delighted at Harry's enthusiasm.
At half past seven Harry, Ron and Hermione left the Gryffindor common room, Harry clutching a certain piece of aged parchment in his hand.

Chapter Number: 19
Chapter Number: The Lion and the Serpent
Chapter Summary: 
On the other hand, Harry had seen Ron make some truly spectacular saves when he was on form; during one memorable practice he had hung one-handed from his broom and kicked the Quaffle so hard away from the goalhoop that it soared the length of the pitch and through the centre hoop at the other end; the rest of the team felt this save compared favourably with one made recently by Barry Ryan, the Irish International Keeper, against Poland's top Chaser, Ladislaw Zamojski.
He seemed too distracted to notice much around him, but Harry cast a curious glance at the crown-shaped badges as they passed the Slytherin table, and this time he made out the words etched on to them:    Weasley is our King    With an unpleasant feeling that this could mean nothing good, he hurried Ron across the Entrance Hall, clown the stone steps and out into the icy air.
Montague catches the Quaffle, Montague heading back up the pitch and--nice Bludger there from George Weasley, that's a Bludger to the head for Montague, he drops the Quaffle, caught by Katie Bell, Katie Bell of Gryffindor reverse-passes to Alicia Spinnet and Spinnet's away--'    Lee Jordan's commentary rang through the stadium and Harry listened as hard as he could through the wind whistling in his ears and the din of the crowd, all yelling and booing and singing.     '
'--and it's Warrington again,' bellowed Lee, 'who passes to Pucey, Pucey's off past Spinnet, come on now, Angelina, you can take him - turns out you can't--but nice Bludger from Fred Weasley I mean, George Weasley, oh, who cares, one of them, anyway, and Warrington drops the Quaffle and Katie Bell--er--drops it, too--so that's Montague with the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Montague takes the Quaffle and he's off up the pitch, come on now, Gryffindor, block him!'
It was over in two breathless, desperate, windswept seconds--Harry's fingers closed around the tiny, struggling ball--Malfoy's fingernails scrabbled the back of Harry's hand hopelessly--Harry pulled his broom upwards, holding the struggling ball in his hand and the Gryffindor spectators screamed their approval .

Chapter Number: 20
Chapter Number: Hagrid's Tale
Chapter Summary: 
'Well, they're not that difficult ter find, ter be honest, said Hagrid.
'Tell us about being attacked by the giants and Harry can tell you about being attacked by the dementors--'    Hagrid choked in his mug and dropped his steak at the same time; a large quantity of spit, tea and dragon blood was sprayed over the table as Hagrid coughed and spluttered and the steak slid, with a soft splat, on to the floor.
'Oh, Hagrid, don't, it's not hygien--' Hermione began, but Hagrid had already slapped the meat back over his swollen eye.
'It was def'nitely on some o' their minds,' said Hagrid, shrugging, 'but we did what Dumbledore told us ter do, which was ter hold our gift up high an' keep our eyes on the Gurg an' ignore the others.
'But you still haven't explained how you got in this state, Hagrid,' Ron said, gesturing towards Hagrid's bloodstained face.

Chapter Number: 21
Chapter Number: The Eye of the Snake
Chapter Summary: 
It was with a certain amount of apprehension that Harry, Ron and Hermione headed down to Hagrid's on Tuesday, heavily muffled against the cold.
Harry glanced at Ron and Hermione, who sighed but nodded, and the three of them set off after Hagrid, leading the rest of the class.
Harry endured several days of envy before Ron said, in response to Harry asking him how he was going to get home for Christmas: 'But you're coming too!
Hermione rolled her eyes, but Harry's spirits soared: the thought of Christmas at The Burrow was truly wonderful, though slightly marred by Harry's guilty feeling that he would not be able to spend the holiday with Sirius.
After a while, when Harry had unfrozen three times in a row, he had Neville join Ron and Hermione again so that he could walk around the room and watch the others.

Chapter Number: 22
Chapter Number: St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries
Chapter Summary: 
Harry felt as though the panic inside him might spill over at any moment; he wanted to run, to yell for Dumbledore; Mr. Weasley was bleeding as they walked along so sedately and what if those fangs  Harry tried hard not to think 'my fangs'  had been poisonous?
Harry wondered whether the instrument was confirming his story: he looked eagerly at Dumbledore for a sign that he was right, but Dumbledore did not look up.
'Oh, very well,' said the wizard called Phineas, eyeing the wand with mild apprehension, 'though he may well have destroyed my picture by now, he's done away with most of the family--'    'Sirius knows not to destroy your portrait,' said Dumbledore, and Harry realised immediately where he had heard Phineas's voice before: issuing from the apparently empty frame in his bedroom in Grimmauld Place.
'Come here, then,' Dumbledore said to Harry and the Weasleys.
It happened in a fraction of a second: in the infinitesimal pause before Dumbledore said 'three', Harry looked up at him--they were very close together--and Dumbledore's clear blue gaze moved from the Portkey to Harry's face.

Chapter Number: 23
Chapter Number: Christmas on the Closed Ward
Chapter Summary: 
Harry ignored him.
'We wanted to talk toyou, Harry,' said Ginny, 'but as you've been hiding ever since we got back--'    'I didn't want anyone to talk to me,' said Harry, who was feeling more and more nettled.
Tonks's present was a small, working model of a Firebolt, which Harry watched fly around the room, wishing he still had his full-size version; Ron had given him an enormous box of Every-Flavour Beans, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley the usual hand-knitted jumper and some mince pies, and Dobby a truly dreadful painting that Harry suspected had been done by the elf himself.
Once they had eaten their Christmas lunch, the Weasleys, Harry and Hermione were planning to pay Mr. Weasley another visit, escorted by Mad-Eye and Lupin.
It had been Ron's malfunctioning wand that had damaged Professor Lockhart's memory so badly that he had landed in St. Mungo's in the first place, though as Lockhart had been attempting to permanently wipe Harry and Ron's memories at the time, Harry's sympathy was limited.

Chapter Number: 24
Chapter Number: Occlumency
Chapter Summary: 
He was rather taller than Snape who, Harry noticed, balled his fist in the pocket of his cloak over what Harry was sure was the handle of his wand.
'Right--yeah,' said Harry distractedly; it was his last chance to tell Sirius to be careful; he turned, looked into his godfather's face and opened his mouth to speak, but before he could do so Sirius was giving him a brief, one-armed hug, and saying gruffly, 'Look after yourself, Harry. '
Harry sat down and so did Snape, his cold black eyes fixed unblinkingly upon Harry, dislike etched in every line of his face.
said Harry looking directly into Snape's eyes and wondering whether Snape would answer.
Snape pulled out his wand from an inside pocket of his robes and Harry tensed in his chair, but Snape merely raised the wand to his temple and placed its tip into the greasy roots of his hair.

Chapter Number: 25
Chapter Number: The Beetle at Bay
Chapter Summary: 
said Harry and Ron together.
Hermione nudged Harry and pointed at the headline over the pictures, which Harry, concentrating on Bellatrix, had not yet read.
'Hi,' said Harry.
They moved aside when Harry and Cho approached and Harry found himself staring once more at the pictures of the ten escaped Death Eaters.
'Yeah, all right,' said Harry, looking around.

Chapter Number: 26
Chapter Number: Seen and Unforeseen
Chapter Summary: 
After a while, Dean, Seamus and Neville departed for the common room, leaving Harry and Hermione at the table waiting for Ron, who had not yet had dinner because of Quidditch practice.
'Oh, Harry, don't you see?'
'Then they spotted me, and obviously they know I know you, so they bombarded me with questions,' Hermione told Harry, her eyes shining, 'and Harry, I think they believe you, I really do.
'You have done well to tell me this,' said Harry.
'But--Harry, that's got to be--'    'The weapon,' Harry finished the sentence for him.

Chapter Number: 27
Chapter Number: The Centaur and the Sneak
Chapter Summary: 
Harry remembered how, nearly four years ago, the centaur Bane had shouted at Firenze for allowing Harry to ride to safety on his back; he had called him a 'common mule'.
'Yes,' said Harry.
said Harry.
Dumbledore was not looking directly at Harry--his eyes were fixed on a point just over his shoulder--but as Harry stared at him, he shook his head a fraction of an inch to each side.
'No, I don't,' said Harry.

Chapter Number: 28
Chapter Number: Snape's Worst Memory
Chapter Summary: 
Everybody knew, for instance, that Harry and Marietta were the only students to have witnessed the scene in Dumbledore's office and, as Marietta was now in the hospital wing, Harry found himself besieged with requests to give a first-hand account.
Harry had seen enough; laughing, he ducked down low, ran to a door he knew was concealed behind a tapestry a little way along the corridor and slipped through it to find Fred and George hiding just behind it, listening to Umbridge and Filch's yells and quaking with suppressed mirth.
Harry spent the whole of the next day dreading what Snape was going to say if he found out how much further into the Department of Mysteries Harry had penetrated during his last dream.
'Professor Snape, sir--oh--sorry--'    Malfoy was looking at Snape and Harry in some surprise.
James's eyes were hazel, his nose was slightly longer than Harry's and there was no scar on his forehead, but they had the same thin face, same mouth, same eyebrows; James's hair stuck up at the back exactly as Harry's did, his hands could have been Harry's and Harry could tell that, when James stood up, they would be within an inch of each other in height.

Chapter Number: 29
Chapter Number: Career Advice
Chapter Summary: 
Hermione demanded of Ron, and Harry was reminded irresistibly of Mrs. Weasley appealing to her husband during Harry's first dinner in Grimmauld Place.
It was not only the prospect of breaking into Umbridge's office and using her fire to speak to Sirius that was making him feel nervous, though that was certainly bad enough; today also happened to be the first time Harry would be in close proximity to Snape since Snape had thrown him out of his office.
For the first time ever, she was at least as inattentive to Professor Binns in History of Magic as Harry and Ron were, keeping up a stream of whispered admonitions that Harry tried very hard to ignore.
'He has achieved high marks in all his Defence Against the Dark Arts tests--'    'I'm terribly sorry to have to contradict you, Minerva, but as you will see from my note, Harry has been achieving very poor results in his classes with me--'    'I should have made my meaning plainer,' said Professor McGonagall, turning at last to look Umbridge directly in the eyes.
Ron seemed determined to give neither his opinion nor his advice; he would not look at Harry, though when Hermione opened her mouth to try dissuading Harry some more, he said in a low voice, 'Give it a rest, OK?

Chapter Number: 30
Chapter Number: Grawp
Chapter Summary: 
Harry and Hermione looked at each other, startled, but Hagrid, scowling, did not elaborate.
They were soon a long way past the clearing where Hagrid had shown them the Thestrals, but Harry felt no sense of unease until Hagrid stepped unexpectedly off the path and began wending his way in and out of trees towards the dark heart of the Forest.
It was a great struggle to keep up with Hagrid, what with branches and thickets of thorn through which Hagrid marched as easily as if they were cobwebs, but which snagged Harry and Hermione's robes, frequently entangling them so severely that they had to stop for minutes at a time to free themselves.
Hagrid gave a great sniff and patted Harry wordlessly on the shoulder with such force Harry was knocked sideways into a tree.
Harry and Hermione exchanged miserable looks, Harry uncomfortably aware that he had already promised Hagrid that he would do whatever he asked.

Chapter Number: 31
Chapter Number: O.W.L.S
Chapter Summary: 
Harry, Ron and Hermione glanced at each other, but didn't know what to say.
'None at all,' said Umbridge, shooting a malevolent look at Harry, Ron and Hermione, who were now dawdling around the foot of the stairs as Ron pretended to do up his shoelace.
Hermione's bad mood persisted for most of the weekend, though Harry and Ron found it quite easy to ignore as they spent most of Saturday and Sunday revising for Potions on Monday, the exam which Harry had been looking forward to least--and which he was sure would be the downfall of his ambitions to become an Auror.
When Harry's examiner, a plump little witch this time, smiled at him and told him he could leave, Harry gave Hagrid a fleeting thumbs-up before heading back to the castle.
He glanced around to see whether Ron or Hermione had noticed what he had, but Professor Marchbanks came walking behind him at that moment and, not wanting to look as though he was sneaking looks at anyone else's work, Harry hastily bent over his star-chart and pretended to be adding notes to it while really peering over the top of the parapet towards Hagrid's cabin.

Chapter Number: 32
Chapter Number: Out of the Fire
Chapter Summary: 
'But--Harry .
said Harry.
Harry .
'I mean, it was really great of you and everything,' said Hermione quickly, looking positively petrified at the look on Harry's face, 'everyone thought it was a wonderful thing to do--'    'That's funny,' said Harry through gritted teeth, 'because I definitely remember Ron saying I'd wasted time acting the hero .
Harold Dingle reckons he could sell us some Firewhisky--'    But Harry was already tearing away back along the corridor, and a couple of minutes later was jumping the last few stairs to join Ron, Hermione, Ginny and Luna, who were huddled together at the end of Umbridge's corridor.

Chapter Number: 33
Chapter Number: Fight and Flight
Chapter Summary: 
Around fifty centaurs were emerging on every side, their bows raised and loaded, pointing at Harry, Hermione and Umbridge.
bellowed the hard-faced grey centaur Harry and Hermione had seen on their last trip into the Forest.
Harry grabbed Hermione and pulled her to the ground; face down on the Forest floor, he knew a moment of terror as hooves thundered around him, but the centaurs leapt over and around them, bellowing and screaming with rage.
snarled the centaur holding Harry, tightening his grip and rearing a little at the same time, so that Harry's feet left the ground momentarily.
We do not recognise your laws, we do not acknowledge your superiority, we are--'    But they did not hear what else centaurs were, for at that moment there came a crashing noise on the edge of the clearing so loud that all of them, Harry, Hermione and the fifty or so centaurs filling the clearing, looked around.

Chapter Number: 34
Chapter Number: The Department of Mysteries
Chapter Summary: 
Quite suddenly, it seemed, they were hurtling towards the pavement; Harry gripped the Thestral with every last ounce of his strength, braced for a sudden impact, but the horse touched the dark ground as lightly as a shadow and Harry slid from its back, looking around at the street where the overflowing skip still stood a short way from the vandalised telephone box, both drained of colour in the flat orange glare of the streetlights.
Ron and Ginny marched in obediently; Hermione, Neville and Luna squashed themselves in after them; Harry took one glance back at the Thestrals, now foraging for scraps of rotten food inside the skip, then forced himself into the box after Luna.
'Come on, said Harry quietly and the six of them sprinted off down the hall, Harry in the lead, past the fountain towards the desk where the watchwizard who had weighed Harry's wand had sat, and which was now deserted.
'It can't be, Harry could get through all the doors in his dream,' said Hermione, marking the door with another fiery cross as Harry replaced the now-useless handle of Sirius's knife in his pocket.
Harry Potter    Harry stared at it.

Chapter Number: 35
Chapter Number: Beyond the Veil
Chapter Summary: 
A Death Eater lunged forwards through the cloud of dust and Harry elbowed him hard in the masked face; they were all yelling, there were cries of pain, and thunderous crashes as the shelves collapsed upon themselves, weirdly echoing fragments of the Seers unleashed from their spheres--    Harry found the way ahead clear and saw Ron, Ginny and Luna sprint past him, their arms over their heads; something heavy struck him on the side of the face but he merely ducked his head and sprinted onwards; a hand caught him by the shoulder; he heard Hermione shout, 'Stupefy!'
The hand released him at once--    They were at the end of row ninety-seven; Harry turned right and began to sprint in earnest; he could hear footsteps right behind him and Hermione's voice urging Neville on; straight ahead, the door through which they had come was ajar; Harry could see the glittering light of the bell jar; he pelted through the doorway, the prophecy still clutched tight and safe in his hand, and waited for the others to hurtle over the threshold before slamming the door behind them--    'Colloportus!'
Both Harry's and the Death Eater's wands flew out of their hands and soared back towards the entrance to the Hall of Prophecy; both scrambled to their feet and charged after them, the Death Eater in front, Harry hot on his heels, and Neville bringing up the rear, plainly horrorstruck by what he had done.
Harry, Hermione and Neville were all knocked backwards off their feet; Neville was thrown over the desk and disappeared from view; Hermione smashed into a bookcase and was promptly deluged in a cascade of heavy books; the back of Harry's head slammed into the stone wall behind him, tiny lights burst in front of his eyes and for a moment he was too dizzy and bewildered to react.
Harry, Ginny and Neville and each of the Death Eaters turned in spite of themselves to watch the top of the tank as a brain burst from the green liquid like a leaping fish: for a moment it seemed suspended in midair, then it soared towards Ron, spinning as it came, and what looked like ribbons of moving images flew from it, unravelling like rolls of film--    'Ha ha ha, Harry, look at it--' said Ron, watching it disgorge its gaudy innards, 'Harry, come and touch it; bet it's weird--'    'RON, NO!'

Chapter Number: 36
Chapter Number: The Only One He Ever Feared
Chapter Summary: 
'He can't come back, Harry,' said Lupin, his voice breaking as he struggled to contain Harry.
Dumbledore flicked his own wand: the force of the spell that emanated from it was such that Harry, though shielded by his golden guard, felt his hair stand on end as it passed and this time Voldemort was forced to conjure a shining silver shield out of thin air to deflect it.
Sure it was over, sure Voldemort had decided to flee, Harry made to run out from behind his statue guard, but Dumbledore bellowed: 'Stay where you are, Harry!'
Harry could not see why: the hall was quite empty but for themselves, the sobbing Bellatrix still trapped under the witch statue, and the baby phoenix Fawkes croaking feebly on the floor--'    Then Harry's scar burst open and he knew he was dead: it was pain beyond imagining, pain past endurance--    He was gone from the hall, he was locked in the coils of a creature with red eyes, so tightly bound that Harry did not know where his body ended and the creatures began: they were fused together, bound by pain, and there was no escape--    And when the creature spoke, it used Harry's mouth, so that in his agony he felt his jaw move .
'If you proceed downstairs into the Department of Mysteries, Cornelius,' said Dumbledore-- apparently satisfied that Harry was all right, and walking forwards so that the newcomers realised he was there for the first time  a few of them raised their wands; others simply looked amazed; the statues of the elf and goblin applauded and Fudge jumped so much that his slipper-clad feet left the floor --'you will find several escaped Death Eaters contained in the Death Chamber, bound by an Anti-Disapparation Jinx and awaiting your decision as to what to do with them. '

Chapter Number: 37
Chapter Number: The Lost Prophecy
Chapter Summary: 
He was sure all the: portraits around the room were listening closely to every word Dumbledore spoke, wondering where Dumbledore and Harry had been, and why there had been injuries.
'I didn't practise, I didn't bother, I could've stopped myself having those dreams, Hermione kept telling me to do it, if I had he'd never have been able to show me where to go, and--Sirius wouldn't--Sirius wouldn't--'    Something was erupting inside Harry's head: a need to justify himself, to explain--    'I tried to check he'd really taken Sirius, I went to Umbridge's office, I spoke to Kreacher in the fire and he said Sirius wasn't there, he said he'd gone!'
I do not think Sirius took me very seriously, or that he ever saw Kreacher as a being with feelings as acute as a human's--'    'Don't you blame --don't you--talk--about Sirius like--' Harry's breath was constricted, he could not get the words out properly; but the rage that had subsided briefly flared in him again: he would not let Dumbledore criticise Sirius.
'I have already said that it was a mistake for me not to teach you myself, though I was sure, at the time, that nothing could have been more dangerous than to open your mind even further to Voldemort while in my presence--'    'Snape made it worse, my scar always hurt worse after lessons with him--' Harry remembered Ron's thoughts on the subject and plunged on '--how do you know he wasn't trying to soften me up for Voldemort, make it easier for him to get inside my-- '    'I trust Severus Snape,' said Dumbledore simply.
Dumbledore stared for a moment at the sunlit grounds outside the window, then looked back at Harry and said, 'Five years ago you arrived at Hogwarts, Harry, safe and whole, as I had planned and intended.

Chapter Number: 38
Chapter Number: The Second War Begins
Chapter Summary: 
Malfoy glanced around--Harry knew he was checking for signs of teachers--then he looked back at Harry and said in a low voice, 'You're dead, Potter. '
Harry said nothing to any of them.
'But still, Harry .
'Er--now, Harry?'
said Harry.


***** Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone *****

Chapter Number: 1
Chapter Number: The Boy Who Lived
Chapter Summary: 
Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be.
It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now.
Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys' house.
"But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead -- an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles--"    "Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door.
G'night, Professor McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore, sir. "

Chapter Number: 2
Chapter Number: The Vanishing Glass
Chapter Summary: 
Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel -- Harry often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a wig.
At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR.
He liked to complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry, the bank, and Harry were just a few of his favorite subjects.
As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death.
But worst of all, for Harry at least, was Piers calming down enough to say, "Harry was talking to it, weren't you, Harry?"

Chapter Number: 3
Chapter Number: The Letters from No One
Chapter Summary: 
The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for visitors  usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge , one where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom.
When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice to Harry, made Dudley go and get it.
Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind.
After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry's letter clutched in his hand.
She held up a letter so they could read the green ink address:    Mr. H. Potter    Room 17    Railview Hotel    Cokeworth    Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked his hand out of the way.

Chapter Number: 4
Chapter Number: The Keeper of Keys
Chapter Summary: 
Ah, Harry, I don' know if I'm the right person ter tell yeh -- but someone's gotta -- yeh can't go off ter Hogwarts not knowin'. "
That's what yeh get when a powerful, evil curse touches yeh -- took care of yer mum an' dad an' yer house, even -- but it didn't work on you, an' that's why yer famous, Harry.
Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had been a horrible mistake.
Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.
I was allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an' get yer letters to yeh an' stuff -- one o' the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job. "

Chapter Number: 5
Chapter Number: Diagon Alley
Chapter Summary: 
If Harry hadn't known that the Dursleys had no sense of humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn't help trusting him.
"Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry's shoulder and making Harry's knees buckle.
Hagrid grinned at Harry.
"That's Hagrid," said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn't.
While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes  five Knuts a scoop .

Chapter Number: 6
Chapter Number: The Journey from Platform Nine and Three-Quarters
Chapter Summary: 
True, Dudley was now so scared of Harry he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do anything, or shout at him -- in fact, they didn't speak to him at all.
Harry didn't say anything.
asked Harry, who found Ron just as interesting as Ron found him.
"Harry Potter," said Harry.
He held out his hand to shake Harry's, but Harry didn't take it.

Chapter Number: 7
Chapter Number: The Sorting Hat
Chapter Summary: 
Harry could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right -- the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor McGonagall showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall.
Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood.
On Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about lessons  "I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult -- "; "You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of thing -- " .
The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell's turban straight into Harry's eyes -- and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on Harry's forehead.
Harry told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully -- and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it -- then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.

Chapter Number: 8
Chapter Number: The Potions Master
Chapter Summary: 
Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Filch "that old git. "
Harry told Hagrid about Snape's lesson.
Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.
As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Harry thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much to think about as tea with Hagrid.
And did Hagrid know something about Snape that he didn't want to tell Harry?

Chapter Number: 9
Chapter Number: The Midnight Duel
Chapter Summary: 
Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it wrong for years.
Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall's wake as she strode toward the castle.
Harry had just finished telling Ron what had happened when he'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall.
When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.
Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following -- they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going -- they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.

Chapter Number: 10
Chapter Number: Hallowe'en
Chapter Summary: 
He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his pocket and a few minutes later, he and Harry were up in the air, Wood throwing the golf balls as hard as he could in every direction for Harry to catch.
The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.
The troll couldn't feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harry's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped - it had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.
Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron and Harry.
Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron.

Chapter Number: 11
Chapter Number: Quidditch
Chapter Summary: 
Hardly anyone had seen Harry play because Wood had decided that, as their secret weapon, Harry should be kept, well, secret.
Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.
"And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve -- back to Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes -- Flint flying like an eagle up there -- he's going to sc -- no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle -- that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and -- OUCH -- that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle taken by the Slytherins -- that's Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a second Bludger -- sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes -- she's really flying -- dodges a speeding Bludger -- the goal posts are ahead -- come on, now, Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dives -- misses -- GRYFFINDORS SCORE!"
A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry's broom spun off course, Harry holding on for dear life.
Harry's broom had given a wild jerk and Harry swung off it.

Chapter Number: 12
Chapter Number: The Mirror of Erised
Chapter Summary: 
"Nothing," said Harry.
"You, too," said Harry.
And slowly, Harry looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had Harry's knobbly knees -- Harry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.
Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn't see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.
But Harry only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in front of the mirror, and Ron wasn't going to stop him.

Chapter Number: 13
Chapter Number: Nicholas Flamel
Chapter Summary: 
The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the end of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the Gryffindor common room, where he found Ron and Hermione playing chess.
"Don't talk to me for a moment," said Ron when Harry sat down next to him, "I need to concen -- " He caught sight of Harry's face.
said Harry and Ron.
It wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Harry remembered about Snape and the coming match.
Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.

Chapter Number: 14
Chapter Number: Norbert the Norwegian Ridgeback
Chapter Summary: 
"Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever met him, " said Harry.
"Can't, Harry, sorry," said Hagrid.
Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end, Hermione agreed to run down to Hagrid's with the other two during morning break.
Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the next week made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous.
Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.

Chapter Number: 15
Chapter Number: The Forbidden Forest
Chapter Summary: 
"Harry!"
And then the story started to spread: Harry Potter, the famous Harry Potter, their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lost them all those points, him and a couple of other stupid first years.
A little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.
Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep his head bowed in case of low-hanging branches, but did not answer Harry's question.
"Do you mean," Harry croaked, "that was Vol-"    "Harry!

Chapter Number: 16
Chapter Number: Through the Trapdoor
Chapter Summary: 
Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldn't sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.
Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Harry had seen in the forest, or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and Hermione didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.
"We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.
Harry and Ron went back to the common room, Harry had just said, "At least Hermione's on Snape's tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came in.
Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand.

Chapter Number: 17
Chapter Number: The Man with Two Faces
Chapter Summary: 
Where there should have been a back to Quirrell's head, there was a face, the most terrible face Harry had ever seen.
shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry's neck -- Harry's scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.
Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn't touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain -- his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.
Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harry off -- the pain in Harry's head was building -- he couldn't see -- he could only hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Voldemort's yells of, "KILL HIM!
Harry told them everything: Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort.


***** Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban *****

Chapter Number: 1
Chapter Number: Owl Post
Chapter Summary: 
One of the essays, a particularly nasty one about shrinking potions, was for Harry's least favorite teacher, Professor Snape, who would be delighted to have an excuse to give Harry detention for a month.
While Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley had gone out into the front garden to admire Uncle Vernon's new company car  in very loud voices, so that the rest of the street would notice it too , Harry had crept downstairs, picked the lock on the cupboard under the stairs, grabbed some of his books, and hidden them in his bedroom.
Ron Weasley, who was one of Harry's best friends at Hogwarts, came from a whole family of wizards.
"I'M -- A -- FRIEND -- OF -- HARRY'S -- FROM -- SCHOOL --"    Uncle Vernon's small eyes swiveled around to Harry, who was rooted to the spot.
Harry suspected that Ron had warned Hermione not to call, which was a pity, because Hermione, the cleverest witch in Harry's year, had Muggle parents, knew perfectly well how to use a telephone, and would probably have had enough sense not to say that she went to Hogwarts.

Chapter Number: 2
Chapter Number: Aunt Marge's Big Mistake
Chapter Summary: 
Aunt Marge and Aunt Petunia kissed, or rather, Aunt Marge bumped her large jaw against Aunt Petunias bony cheekbone.
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia usually encouraged Harry to stay out of their way, which Harry was only too happy to do.
But Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon were both looking at Harry suspiciously, so he decided he'd better skip dessert and escape from the table as soon as he could.
They got all the way through the soup and the salmon without a single mention of Harry's faults; during the lemon meringue pie, Uncle Vernon bored them a with a long talk about Grunnings, his drill-making company; then Aunt Petunia made coffee and Uncle Vernon brought out a bottle of brandy.
yelled Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia together as Aunt Marge's whole body began to rise off her chair toward the ceiling.

Chapter Number: 3
Chapter Number: The Knight Bus
Chapter Summary: 
With a feeling of unease, Harry saw Stan's eyes move to the scar on Harry's forehead.
After a while, Stan remembered that Harry had paid for hot chocolate, but poured it all over Harry's pillow when the bus moved abruptly from Anglesea to Aberdeen.
"Thanks," Harry said to Ern.
"'Bye," Harry said miserably to Stan and Ern as Tom beckoned Fudge toward the passage that led from the bar.
"No, no, I'm very sorry, Harry, but as I'm not your parent or guardian --"    "But you're the Minister of Magic," said Harry eagerly.

Chapter Number: 4
Chapter Number: The Leaky Cauldron
Chapter Summary: 
"Yes," said Harry, "I need --"    "Get out of the way," said the manager impatiently, brushing Harry aside.
"Fine, thanks," said Harry as he, Ron, and Hermione joined Mr. Weasley with their shopping.
Percy, however, held out his hand solemnly as though he and Harry had never met and said, "Harry.
Ron and Percy were next door to Harry.
"But no one's really sure that Black's after Harry --"    There was a thud on wood, and Harry was sure Mr. Weasley had banged his fist on the table.

Chapter Number: 5
Chapter Number: The Dementor
Chapter Summary: 
Harry got into the back of the car and was shortly joined by Hermione, Ron, and, to Ron's disgust, Percy.
"Harry, you must be scared -- "    "I'm not," said Harry sincerely.
Harry and Ron sat down again, Ron massaging his knuckles.
said Ron's voice from behind Harry.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed the rest of the school along the platform and out onto a rough mud track, where at least a hundred stagecoaches awaited the remaining students, each pulled, Harry could only assume, by an invisible horse, because when they climbed inside and shut the door, the coach set off all by itself, bumping and swaying in procession.

Chapter Number: 6
Chapter Number: Talons and Tea Leaves
Chapter Summary: 
Chapter 6 Talons and Tea Leaves      When Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the Great Hall for breakfast the next day, the first thing they saw was Draco Malfoy, who seemed to be entertaining a large group of Slytherins with a very funny story.
Everyone had got to their feet, and slowly they crowded around Harry and Ron's table, pressing close to Professor Trelawney's chair to get a good look at Harry's cup.
Everyone was looking at Harry, everyone except Hermione, who had gotten up and moved around to the back of Professor Trelawney's chair.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione descended Professor Trelawney's ladder and the winding stair in silence, then set off for Professor McGonagall's Transfiguration lesson.
"Right -- back away, now, Harry, easy does it --"    But then, to Harry's enormous surprise, the Hippogriff suddenly bent its scaly front knees and sank into what was    an unmistakable bow.

Chapter Number: 7
Chapter Number: The Boggart in the Wardrobe
Chapter Summary: 
"Please, sir," said Hermione, "please, I could help Neville put it right --"    "I don't remember asking you to show off, Miss Granger," said Snape coldly, and Hermione went as pink as Neville.
As Professor Lupin came in and made to close the door behind him, Snape said, "Leave it open, Lupin.
"Right, Neville," said Professor Lupin.
"When the Boggart bursts out of this wardrobe, Neville, and sees you, it will assume the form of Professor Snape," said Lupin.
"Neville, we're going to back away," said Professor Lupin.

Chapter Number: 8
Chapter Number: Flight of the Fat Lady
Chapter Summary: 
"Ask McGonagall, go on, Harry --"    "Yeah, I think I will," said Harry, making up his mind.
Professor McGonagall opened the classroom door at that moment, which was perhaps lucky; Hermione and Ron were looking daggers at each other, and when they got into class, they seated themselves on either side of Harry and didn't talk to each other for the whole class.
Ron called Professor McGonagall a lot of names that greatly annoyed Hermione; Hermione assumed an 'all-for-the-best' expression that made Ron even angrier, and Harry had to endure everyone in the class talking loudly and happily about what they were going to do first, once they got into Hogsmeade.
Something of Harry's thoughts seemed to have shown on his face, because Lupin said, "Anything worrying you, Harry?"
A moment later, Professor Dumbledore was there, sweeping toward the portrait; the Gryffindors squeezed together to let him through, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione moved closer to see what the trouble was.

Chapter Number: 9
Chapter Number: Grim Defeat
Chapter Summary: 
Harry opened his eyes a fraction and squinted up to where they stood; Dumbledore's back was to him, but he could see Percy's face, rapt with attention, and Snape's profile, which looked angry.
To cap it all, Professor McGonagall summoned Harry into her office, with such a somber expression on her face Harry thought someone must have died.
The third time this happened, Wood talked for so long that Harry suddenly realized he was ten minutes late for Defense Against the Dark Arts, and set off at a run with Wood shouting after him, "Diggory's got a very fast swerve, Harry, so you might want to try looping him --"    Harry skidded to a halt outside the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, pulled the door open, and dashed inside.
Harry needed to get the Snitch quickly --    He turned, intending to head back toward the middle of the field, but at that moment, another flash of lightning illuminated the stands, and Harry saw something that distracted him completely, the silhouette of an enormous shaggy black dog, clearly imprinted against the sky, motionless in the topmost, empty row of seats.
"Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry!"

Chapter Number: 10
Chapter Number: The Marauder's Map
Chapter Summary: 
When the bell rang, everyone gathered up their things and headed for the door, Harry among them, but --    "Wait a moment, Harry," Lupin called.
"No," said Harry.
"Yes," said Harry.
said Harry at once.
"Oh -- of course not -- but honestly, Harry --"    "Seen the Fizzing Whizbees, Harry?"

Chapter Number: 11
Chapter Number: The Firebolt
Chapter Summary: 
Black's a madman, Harry, and he's dangerous --"    "Malfoy's dad must have told him," said Harry, ignoring Ron.
"Harry isn't supposed to leave the castle, Ron --"    "Yeah, let's go," said Harry, sitting up, "and I can ask him how come he never mentioned Black when he told me all about my parents!"
Harry, about to collapse under Hagrid's weight, was rescued by Ron and Hermione, who each seized Hagrid under an arm and heaved him back into the cabin.
Ron and Hermione looked quickly at Harry, as though expecting him to start berating Hagrid for not telling him the truth about Black.
"I can't believe this," Harry muttered, running a hand along the Firebolt, while Ron sank onto Harry's bed, laughing his head off at the thought of Malfoy.

Chapter Number: 12
Chapter Number: The Patronus
Chapter Summary: 
"No," said Harry.
said Harry.
Not Harry!
Harry.
said Harry.

Chapter Number: 13
Chapter Number: Gryffindor versus Ravenclaw
Chapter Summary: 
In a last-ditch attempt to cheer Ron up, Harry persuaded him to come along to the Gryffindor team's final practice before the Ravenclaw match, so that he could have a ride on the Firebolt after they'd finished.
The Firebolt turned with the lightest touch; it seemed to obey his thoughts rather than his grip; it sped across the field at such speed that the stadium turned into a green-and-gray blur; Harry turned it so sharply that Alicia Spinnet screamed, then he went into a perfectly controlled dive, brushing the grassy field with his toes before rising thirty, forty, fifty feet into the air again --    "Harry, I'm letting the Snitch out!"
"I'm staying out for a bit; Ron wants a go on the Firebolt," Harry told Wood, and while the rest of the team headed off to the locker rooms, Harry strode over to Ron, who vaulted the barrier to the stands and came to meet him.
Harry dived; Cho saw what he was doing and tore after him -- Harry was speeding up, excitement flooding him; dives were his specialty, he was ten feet away --    Then a Bludger, hit by one of the Ravenclaw Beaters, came pelting out of nowhere; Harry veered off course, avoiding it by an inch, and in those few, crucial seconds, the Snitch had vanished.
Alicia, Angelina, and Katie had all kissed Harry; Fred had him in a grip so tight Harry felt as though his head would come off In complete disarray, the team managed to make its way back to the ground.

Chapter Number: 14
Chapter Number: Snape's Grudge
Chapter Summary: 
said Harry.
said Harry.
Harry's stomach turned over -- Dumbledore would know exactly what had happened, if Malfoy said anything --    Back into Honeydukes, back down the cellar steps, across the stone floor, through the trapdoor -- Harry pulled off the cloak, tucked it under his arm, and ran, flat out, along the passage.
"Ron gave them to me," said Harry, praying he'd get a chance to tip Ron off before Snape saw him.
"Harry, Ron, come with me, I need a word about my vampire essay -- excuse us, Severus --"    Harry didn't dare look at Snape as they left his office.

Chapter Number: 15
Chapter Number: The Quidditch Final
Chapter Summary: 
Harry and Ron both made furious moves toward Malfoy, but Hermione got there first -- SMACK!
Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down together at the same rickety table.
He had seen the Snitch -- it was shimmering at the foot of one of the Gryffindor goal posts -- but he mustn't catch it yet -- and if Malfoy saw it --    Faking a look of sudden concentration, Harry pulled his Firebolt around and sped off toward the Slytherin end -- it worked.
Malfoy was still keeping close to Harry as he soared over the match, looking around for it once Gryffindor was fifty points ahead --    Katie scored.
He was gaining on Malfoy -- Harry flattened himself to the broom handle as Bole sent a Bludger at him -- he was at Malfoy's ankles -- he was level --    Harry threw himself forward, took both hands off his broom.

Chapter Number: 16
Chapter Number: Professor Trelawney's Prediction
Chapter Summary: 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione had plenty of opportunity to speak to Hagrid.
All around them, people were talking excitedly as they ate their lunch, happily anticipating the end of the exams that afternoon, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione, lost in worry about Hagrid and Buckbeak, didn't join in.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione whipped around.
He turned to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
Slowly, in a kind of horrified trance, Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off silently around Hagrid's house.

Chapter Number: 17
Chapter Number: Cat, Rat, and Dog
Chapter Summary: 
Harry roared, and with a huge effort he broke free of Hermione's and Ron's restraint and lunged forward --    He had forgotten about magic -- he had forgotten that he was short and skinny and thirteen, whereas Black was a tall, full-grown man -- all Harry knew was that he wanted to hurt Black as badly as he could and that he didn't care how much he got hurt in return --    Perhaps it was the shock of Harry doing something so stupid, but Black didn't raise the wands in time -- one of Harry's hands fastened over his wasted wrist, forcing the wand tips away; the knuckles of Harry's other hand collided with the side of Black's head and they fell, backward, into the wall --    Hermione was screaming; Ron was yelling; there was a blinding flash as the wands in Black's hand sent a jet of sparks into the air that missed Harry's face by inches; Harry felt the shrunken arm under his fingers twisting madly, but he clung on, his other hand punching every part of Black it could find.
Black let go of Harry with a grunt of pain; Ron had thrown himself on Black's wand hand and Harry heard a faint clatter --    He fought free of the tangle of bodies and saw his own wand rolling across the floor; he threw himself toward it but    "Argh!"
Crookshanks had joined the fray; both sets of front claws had sunk themselves deep into Harry's arm; Harry threw him off, but Crookshanks now darted toward Harry's wand --    "NO YOU DON'T!"
His eyes flickered over Ron, lying on the floor, over Hermione, cowering next to the door, to Harry, standing there with his wand covering Black, and then to Black himself, crumpled and bleeding at Harry's feet.
Look --"    He separated Harry's, Ron's and Hermione's wands and threw each back to its owner; Harry caught his, stunned.

Chapter Number: 18
Chapter Number: Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs
Chapter Summary: 
Then, ignoring Black, Harry turned to Lupin.
"Everyone thought Sirius killed Peter," said Lupin, nodding.
Harry looked down at Ron, and as their eyes met, they agreed, silently: Black and Lupin were both out of their minds.
Harry had barely had time to marvel inwardly at the effort Hermione put into her homework, when Lupin started to laugh.
Lupin told Harry, Ron, and Hermione.

Chapter Number: 19
Chapter Number: The Servant of Lord Voldemort
Chapter Summary: 
With a roar of rage, Black started toward Snape, but Snape pointed his wand straight between Black's eyes.
"You shouldn't have done that," said Black, looking at Harry.
Black and Lupin were looking at each other.
"But if you transform, Peter," growled Black, his own wand pointing at Pettigrew too, "we will kill you.
Black conjured heavy manacles from thin air; soon Pettigrew was upright again, left arm chained to Lupin's right, right arm to Ron's left.

Chapter Number: 20
Chapter Number: The Dementor's Kiss
Chapter Summary: 
said Harry.
Black saw Snape up through the hole, then stood back for Harry and Hermione to pass.
He had a moment's indecision, but there was nothing they could do for Ron at the moment, and by the sound of it, Black was in trouble --    Harry set off at a run, Hermione right behind him.
And then Harry saw them.
"Expecto -- expecto patronum --"    Harry felt his knees hit the cold grass.

Chapter Number: 21
Chapter Number: Hermione's Secret
Chapter Summary: 
said Harry and Hermione together.
"Harry, Harry, what's this?"
Harry said.
It closed behind them, and Dumbledore turned to Harry and Hermione.
And sure enough, moments later, Hagrid's back door opened, and Harry saw himself, Ron, and Hermione walking out of it with Hagrid.

Chapter Number: 22
Chapter Number: Owl Post Again
Chapter Summary: 
"Come on, Harry!"
"Harry?
said Harry.
Then, while Harry was trying to think of a good argument to make him stay, Lupin said, "From what the headmaster told me this morning, you saved a lot of lives last night, Harry.
Nobody at Hogwarts now knew the truth of what had happened the night that Sirius, Buckbeak, and Pettigrew had vanished except Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Professor Dumbledore.

